

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Graphics Platform Architecture/Design/Validation Engineering - Toronto, ON
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position.

Education:
Bachelor’s with 5+, Master’s with 3 or PhD with 3+ years of experience.
Discipline in: Computers Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Math, Physics or related field
The relevant experience noted above in the following:
A passion to deliver effective, attractive show case products
Experience delivering high performance board design products.
Experience in modern platform and thermal level simulation and modelling, functional correctness and signal integrity flows with HW/SW embedded micro controller co-design/co-verification.
High speed interface design, cost optimized designs.
Experience delivering products to market for successful, reliable high-volume production.
Design for High current dynamic power delivery and active cooling solutions
Experience working with regulatory and compliance validation for consumer electronics
Provision of second level hardware technical support to ODM/OEM board vendors Advantages
Experience with electrical interfaces: PCIe4.0; HDMI; DP, and DDR4/ GDDR5 memory systems.
Experienced in the design of discrete graphics add-in cards or mobile discrete graphics systems.
Experience in the design of PCI add in cards for server products and exposure to data center customers and usage models
Working with out-sourced of design services such as component engineering, electrical compliance, layout etc
Experience working effectively with a geo diverse team
Willingness to travel for external and internal biz needs
Inside this Business Group
The Core and Visual Computing Group (CVCG) is responsible for the architecture, design and development of the CPU core and visual technology IPs that are central to Intel's system-on-a-chip (SoC) products and key to our datacenter, client and Internet-of-Things (IOT) platforms. CVCG strives to lead the industry through continuous innovation and world class engineering.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Methods Engineer, FTC Avionic/Electrical (Afternoon Shift)-Global 7500 - Toronto, ON
Qualifications

As our ideal candidate,

You hold an Engineering degree or a diploma from a technical college (Aerospace Manufacturing, Aircraft Maintenance etc.).You have 3-8 years’ experience in aircraft Electrical and Avionics systems (Communication, Electrical Power, Indication/Recording Systems, Navigation, and Information Systems)You have experience in providing support / troubleshooting to Aircraft Maintenance / Final Line / Production Line / Test Bench / Simulator.You are process oriented.You possess strong analytical skills, you are a quick learner.You are a team player, able to work in high-stress environment.You have excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities to apply. As per the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disablities Act (AODA), Bombardier will accommodate the needs of applicants with disabilities throughout all stages of the selection process. If you need accommodation during the recruitment process, please advise your Talent Acquisition representative. Information relating to the need for accommodation and accommodation measures will be addressed confidentially.

Whether your candidacy is moving on to the next step of the hiring process or not, we will keep you informed by email or by phone. Join us at careers.bombardier.com

Your ideas move people.

Job: Methods Engineer
Primary Location: CA-ON-Toronto Downsview
Organization: Aerospace
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Regular

Job Posting: 20.12.2018, 11:00:00 PM

Unposting Date
Ongoing

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Graduate Electrical EIT - Full Time Employee - Calgary, AB
Qualifications/Education
Successful candidates must possess the following educational requirements:
A minimum of 1 <i>year</i> experience in the Canadian Oil and Gas industryCandidates must be eligible to <i>work</i> in CanadaCandidates must hold a Bachelor’s Degree from a recognized post-secondary institution in Electrical EngineeringCandidates must be registered as an EIT with APEGA

Back
If the above list does not include a specific <i>job</i> that applies to you please feel free to still <i>send</i> your resume and cover letter to:

contact@micenergycorp.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ENGINEERING-Electrical Engineers - Kitchener, ON
Qualifications:

BS or licensure, PE preferred.
Five years experience.
Working knowledge of ISA Standards and International Codes.
Effective computer skills; Microsoft Office software, Lotus Notes and other Company and discipline specific software applications.
Effective communication skills both verbally and in writing with superiors, colleagues, and individuals inside and outside the Company.
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Effective analytical and problem-solving skills. Job Responsibilities:</h5>
Design, plan and determine requirements for the installation, maintenance, restoration and relocation of routine distribution overhead and underground electrical systems and services related to customer driven projects
Prepare distribution load flow analysis for new customer loads.
Prepare construction documents and monitor construction progress
Review final plans, specifications, special conditions and agreements and may coordinate the work of electrical contractors, affected public agencies, and crews
Provide instructions to field crews and answer questions concerning design issues
Interact with inter and intra departmental engineering and construction personnel, other government agencies, customers, contractors, consultants and the public to exchange information, coordinate work, answer questions and respond to complaints
Use AutoCAD, as well as necessary computations, in the preparation of preliminary and final plans, schematics, wire diagrams and drawings of the electrical features of distribution systems and related electrical systems
Adhere to safety regulations and practices
Participate in presentations, special projects and assignments as directed
Learn how to run loadflow, stability, and other required studies on the Electrical Power system
Learn about power Utility Regulatory requirements in our System Planning group
Qualifications:

Education: Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering; or other combinations of education and/or experience which provides preparation to do professional electrical engineering work; or must be able to obtain a degree within the next three months.

Experience: For field assignments must be able and willing and to work in all types of weather and in or near construction sites where there will be exposure to traffic, hazardous or toxic substances, and high voltage energized equipment. May be required to work nights, evenings, weekends and holidays and during storms.

Certification/License: Driver’s license or equivalent mobility.

Additional Information:

Desired Qualifications:
Ability to read and interpret plans, specifications, property descriptions, construction schedules, contracts and other construction documents
Good computer skills especially with AutoCAD or similar CAD design software and Microsoft Office Suite
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Utility or electrical work experience in underground or overhead electrical design or Joint Use
Electrical Distribution System planning and engineering experience
Ability to handle shifting and multiple priorities and to work as a team member in a diverse work force
Willingness to learn and accept responsibility, comply with safety rules and regulations, work efficiently, effectively and independently
Ability and eagerness to learn and overcome new challenges
Knowledge of Utility Regulatory requirements
Load flow and stability study knowledge
Job offers are contingent on the verification of credentials and other information required by the employment process including the completion of a background check which includes criminal history and driving history review. <i>Specific Areas of Responsibility include:</i>

Playing a lead role in the development of design changes to electrical plant systems and equipment requiring modification, upgrade or replacement
Analyzing complex technical and management problems, and then determining the most cost-effective solutions
Providing electrical engineering support to station work groups (Operations, Chemistry, and Maintenance) through testing, procedure development, and configuration management
Understanding and maintaining the system(s)/equipment design basis and performing and/or checking calculations to support that basis
Performing problem resolution, cause analysis, operability determinations and corrective action implementation
Providing Engineering Support Program activities, such as monitoring, trending, developing periodic health reports, long-range planning, maintaining Engineering Support Documents, calculation reviews, and conducting plant walk downs
Providing input on the development of modification implementation and testing procedures
Job Requirements
<i>
Successful candidates will possess:</i>

Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering
A detailed working knowledge of power plant design, construction, and commissioning techniques and practices
Demonstrated MS Office, computer analysis, problem-solving/analytical, technical writing, leadership, and planning/organizational skills are essential
Experience with any of the following is desired: large medium voltage industrial motors (>1000hp); medium voltage and low voltage switchgear; high voltage and medium voltage transformers; utility grade emergency power systems
Response Information:

This position offers an excellent salary and benefits package consistent with experience.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Performs complex engineering tasks and particularly important engineering work efficiently and accurately related to the electrical needs of the project.Extracts engineering information from CAD drawings and reviews/comments.Completes a variety of assignments such as reviewing and/or preparing drawings, specifications, and other materials suitable for procurement and construction purposes.
Frequently interfaces with other Engineering disciplines as well as other departments.

Reviews supplier drawing submittals and performs technical bid analyses of assigned electrical packages.

Reviews and/or prepares and issues specifications, data sheets, and other construction documents related to specific electrical assignments.

Provides technical guidance to CAD Technicians working on the same project.

May be required to provide the seal and signature of the professional engineer, as appropriate, ensuring compliance with all applicable codes, regulations, and ordinances.

Reviews and/or prepares and issues specifications, data sheets, and other electrical-related construction documents as necessary.

Supports the review and checks of electrical designs including BOQ checks and reviews and/or prepares responses to RFIs related to assigned design and construction projects.

Reviews the scope of electrical design works according to the contract and monitors progress of electrical design work by others.

Coordinates production of relevant drawings and their release for the execution of works.

Supports the Senior Electrical Engineer and Infrastructure Design Manager in performing other tasks as deemed necessary.

RequirementsEXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS:4-year degree in Electrical Engineering
Minimum of 8 years of related work experience, GCC experience preferred.Experience in HV / LV projects, pump station projects, Waste Water Projects, Substations.
Experience in the construction of large industrial or infrastructural projects is highly preferred.

Proven ability to perform in a technical role.

Registration as a professional engineer desirable.

Proven ability to perform in a technical role.

Good written and oral communications skills

Thorough knowledge of industry practices and regulations are also required.

In addition, must be knowledgeable of current technology and how it can be effectively utilized on the project.

Contact Spectrum Solar Solutions about this job

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical system designer - Saint-Laurent, QC
Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s in electrical engineering or equivalent.
 Strong knowledge of electrical engineering concepts.
 Good working knowledge of CAD systems and word processing/spreadsheet software’s.
 Good technical writing and communication skills.
 Good experience with electrical, avionic and power systems.
 Good experience with simulated panel and instrument interfaces.
 Experience with electrical signal distribution/interconnection technology, interface packaging, and power supply/distribution.
 Capacity to manage priorities in a context of multiple and complex project deliveries.
 Knowledge of aircraft instrumentation, D/A A/D conversion, serial communication data busses such as RS-232/422, USB, and of the ARINC 429, ARINC 600 and Mil-1553 standard would be considered an asset.
 Experience with E2A, SEE Electrical, Powerdraft an asset.
 Bilingualism required.

Where you will be working
You will have the chance to join an incredibly diverse and global team of engineering. You will be invited to put your expertise in challenging project around the world.
About us
<i>We are at the heart of a technological revolution that will permanently transform our patterns of mobility, consumption, production and communication</i>.
We are the biggest industrial players to design the products and services that will make the world of tomorrow. We are recognized by our clients for our ability to carry out such projects, with rigor, efficiency and sense of service, in compliance with our commitment to quality and our values.
Creating the new Engineering 4.0
ASSYSTEM TECHNOLOGIES valued opportunities opened by this new technological age very early on. For industry 4.0, we are designing products and services, projecting their applications into the future and anticipating the next round of developments. We are dreaming up tomorrow’s world.
Excited to start a new challenge? Apply Now!
Please note, to be successfully considered for this role you must complete all pre-screening questions.
<i>All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable</i><i> law.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Integration Engineering Specialist - Vancouver, BC
Qualifications:Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or similarGreater than 8 years of experience in shipbuilding industryExperienced with electrical and control systems on ships including generators, power distribution, switchboards, breakers, motor controls, variable speed drives, passive and active harmonic filters, EMC management, fire protection, public address, lighting, cable management, data networksKnowledge of Classification society rules and regulations, international electrical standards, equipment survivability conditionsExperienced with equipment FAT, FMEA, audits, ship commissioning, HAT, SATPrevious leadership or supervisory roleTraining of staffFluent in written and verbal English with excellent communication and technical writing skillsExperienced in proposal wiring and developmentExperienced in physical layout design of equipment, tray, lighting, instruments, fire protection, controlsExperienced in design of cable block, wiring and termination diagrams, cable schedules, motor and control schematics, electrical drive systems, panel layout and schedulesMeet requirements for Canadian Controlled Goods Program (CGP) and Canadian Government security clearanceIntegration of ship-specific equipment such as PMS, SCMS (IAS, IPMS), diesel power generation, electric propulsion systems, dynamic positioningMaterial take-offs, data sheetsPlease include VEC1812 Application in subject line. Only successful applicants will be notified.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $90,000.00 to $130,000.00 /yearEducation:Bachelor's Degree (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Tiverton, ON
Qualifications
High degree of learning agility and adaptability in technically diverse environment is required
A technical working knowledge in some of the following areas is required:
600V, 4.16kV and 13.8kV power distribution and/or
230kV and 500kV high voltage power transmission, power generators, excitation system, generator protections
125Vdc, 250Vdc system design, battery sizing, and power conversion equipment
Utilities, Oil & Gas, Transmission & Distribution, Mining & Minerals or other similar industrial establishment
A working knowledge in the some of the following areas is required:
ETAP, EDSA or other electrical analysis software
Familiar with Canadian and/or Ontario electrical codes associated with CSA C22.1
Familiar with electrical equipment standards associated with C22.2
Familiar with workplace electrical safety standards such as CSA Z462,
Familiar with international standards such as IEEE Std. 1584,IEEE C57 Series, IEEE Colour Books, as well as other design engineering standards, practices and processes within the discipline
A demonstration of some engineering management skills in following areas is required:
Knowledge of AACE International cost estimate classification system
Demonstration of budget and schedule management
Project controls and risk assessment
A demonstration of leadership capabilities and interpersonal skills:
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
Capable of leading a team by taking initiative to make decisions in the face of uncertainty, constraints and obstacles
Capable of managing and being accountable to deliver consistent results to customer and line management for simultaneous activities
Ability to effectively manage stakeholders from various divisions and backgrounds

Education and Experience Minimum Requirements
Engineer
Completion of a 4 year University degree in Electrical Engineering
Must be registered as a Professional Engineer (P.Eng.) within the Province of Ontario
A period of up to 6 years is considered necessary to gain this experience
Experience with motor control centers, transformers, circuits, protective relays and standby generators is an asset
Experience working as an assigned design engineer (ADE) and or/ owners engineer (OE) is considered an asset
Experience within the Nuclear industry or other relevant industry is desired

Selection Criteria:
Technical and competency based interview
Transferrable skills (for example, communication skills, initiative, self-motivation, and flexibility)
Past performance record and suitability for this position


We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected to move forward will be contacted.

In order to ensure you are given full consideration for this position, please ensure your candidate application is completely filled out and up to date. The information in the candidate application will be used in the selection process to assess candidacy for this position.

Bruce Power is proud to be an equal opportunity employer; valuing and respecting diversity. We encourage applications from qualified members of the four designated groups.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intermediate Electrical Engineer - Edmonton, AB
Qualifications
</h2>:
Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized University
Must be a current professional engineer (P.Eng) with APEGA
Minimum 4 years experience in building electrical engineering, with progressively responsible expertise in the application of electrical system design for variety of building types
Experience designing power, lighting, security, data, fire alarm and other systems for commercial buildings
Knowledge of electrical related Codes, legislation, authorities and design standards
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, including technical and contractual communication, report writing and presentations
Must possess strong customer service and team building skills
 Working knowledge of Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design (LEED) in relation to building assets
Experience with mechanical, electrical and building envelope commissioning would be considered an asset
Experience in management of consultant projects, coordination of interdisciplinary design team members, project teams and/or maintenance teams would be considered an asset
Knowledge or skills of working within a municipal or other institutional environment considered an asset
Valid Alberta Class 5 driver’s licence (or provincial equivalent). Must obtain business auto insurance for personal vehicle use on City business
Hire is dependent upon a Police Information Check satisfactory to the City of Edmonton
<i>Management and Out-of-Scope positions at the City of Edmonton are being reviewed for possible inclusion in the Civic Service Union 52 bargaining unit. If this position is impacted, the incumbent will be notified accordingly.</i>
<i>We are an equal opportunity employer.</i>
<i>We welcome diversity and encourage applications from all qualified individuals.</i>
<i>Up to 1 temporary position for up to 11 months</i>
Hours of Work: 36.9 hours per week, Monday - Friday
Salary: $38.282 - $54.688 (Hourly); $73,738.430 - $105,340.610 (Annually)
Recruitment Consultant: OP/CL

Classification Title : PE2 - Electrical Engineer
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Posting Date</h2>
: Dec 13, 2018
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Closing Date</h2>
: Dec 27, 2018 11:59:00 PM (MST)
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Number of Openings (up to)</h2>
: 1 - Temporary Full-time
Union : Management
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Department</h2>
: Business Planning and Support
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Work Location(s)</h2>
:
12th Floor Edmonton Tower, 10111 104 Avenue
 
Edmonton T5J 0J4

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Fort St. John, BC
Qualifications</h5>
Bachelors Degree in Electrical engineering
4+ years of construction engineering experience and/or training
Registration or eligibility for registration as a Professional Engineer in British Columbia
Professional Engineer or eligibility for registration in EGBC is required;
Thorough understanding and knowledge of the Canadian Electrical Code;Experience working with a general contractor and exposure to self-performance environment is required.
Specific exposure to temporary electrical/construction power installations and maintenance
Experience using P6 and HCCS will be highly regarded.
Must be willing to undertake a 2 weeks on and 1 week off rotation
Good interpersonal skills and communication
Computer proficient including MSOffice software suite
IndH

 ----------------------------- 

<title>XTO Journeyman Electrical Technician - Whitecourt, AB
Qualifications

Academic:
High school diploma or equivalent (GED) is a minimum requirement
Journeyman electrical interprovincial certificate
Other:
Valid class 5 driver’s license and a safe driving record
Minimum of eight years of experience as an instrumentation and electrical technician
Experience in instrumentation and electrical maintenance in the oil and gas industry is an asset
Previous training and experience with medium voltage and arc flash certification is an asset
Dual trade with instrumentation will be considered

Start date: Q1, 2019
Location: Whitecourt, Alberta



Your benefits

A company committed to career growth - we recruit those who are interested in a career with Imperial/ExxonMobil and prefer to develop and promote people from within. Our career management process means that you will likely perform a number of unique, challenging roles during your career.
Commitment to safety, ethics & continuous improvement – these standards are the reason Imperial/ExxonMobil is an industry leader. You will work for a company that upholds safety and ethics ideals and continues to seek out ways to improve.
Exceptional benefits program - includes competitive savings, retirement, and healthcare plans that you can customize to meet your individual needs. Educational and physical fitness financial assistance programs round out our benefits package.
Continuous learning environment - encourages you to augment your skills and capabilities.
If you are talented, driven, and want to make meaningful contributions that really impact environmental, safety and bottom line objectives, then you owe it to yourself to apply with XTO Energy Canada/ Imperial Oil a subsidiary of Exxonmobil.

Who we are
XTO Energy Inc., a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation, is a leading natural gas and oil producer with expertise in developing unconventional oil and gas resources throughout North America. We are committed to ensuring gas is produced in an efficient and cost-effective manner which facilitates safety, health, environmental, and regulatory compliance and business stewardship.

Other considerations
Successful candidates would be employed by Imperial Oil Limited and seconded to XTO Energy Canada.
For applicants selected to be interviewed, pre-employment background screening will be required.
We thank all those who apply; however, only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

Eligibility to work in Canada
All applicants who receive an offer of employment must be eligible to work in Canada on their start date. Proof of eligibility shall be in the form of a Canadian birth certificate, Canadian passport, Canadian citizenship certificate, Canadian certificate of permanent residence., Canadian open work permit or receipt from Immigration Canada of an application for a post-graduate work permit. Proof of eligibility must be current and valid (not expired, cancelled or voided). Proof of eligibility will be required if an offer is made. Failure to provide proof of eligibility at least six (6) weeks prior to the start date may result in the offer of employment being rescinded.

Application deadline: January 4, 2019



XTO Energy Canada and Imperial Oil Limited are committed to providing equitable treatment and equal opportunity to all individuals. In certain situations, your application may be used to consider your suitability for other possible opportunities in the company and its affiliates, including affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation.

Job Segment: Gas, Gas Technician, Technician, Electrical, Instrumentation, Energy, Technology, Engineering

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Enginner - Calgary, AB
Qualifications
Degree in Electrical Engineering
P. Eng designation, or eligibility with a commitment date
5-8 years electrical design experience combined with 2 years or more electrical design
Familiarity with Canadian and US electrical codes.
experience in domestic and / or industrial water and wastewater treatment systems.
Electrical drafting experience with AutoCad Electrical, AutoCad Plant 3D would be an asset.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Supervisor, Engineering - Ontario
Qualifications
</h2>All candidates must meet the following minimum requirements in order to be considered for this opportunity. Candidates who exceed minimum qualifications may be considered for a higher level position.
Bachelor Degree in Engineering and minimum 7 years of engineering experience.
Current Professional Engineer in the Province of Ontario (PEng, PEO)
Advanced knowledge of engineering codes and standards related to the Canadian Nuclear Industry.
Excellent communication skills including the ability to comprehend and convey detailed technical data.
Demonstrated leadership ability to manage multiple tasks and projects through subordinates.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong analytical ability and problem identification/resolution skills.
The following requirements are desired and will be used to differentiate all candidates who apply for this position.
Electrical, Instrumentation And Control (E,I&C) Background.
Advanced knowledge and experience with the Engineering Change Control process of Ontario Power Generation and/or Bruce Power
10+ years CANDU engineering and/or design experience.

TRAVEL: 5% Sporadic travel.
Framatome is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Job
 </h2>DESIGN & ENGINEERING
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Primary Location
 </h2>NORTH AMERICA-Canada-Ontario
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Schedule
 </h2>Full-time
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Number of Openings
 </h2>1
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Job Type
 </h2>Regular

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Superintendent - Estevan, SK
Qualifications and Skills:
Bachelors Degree from an accredited college or university in Electrical Engineering
Minimum 10+ years of related work experience.
Any equivalent combination of training, education, and experience that provides the required skills, knowledge and abilities.
Proven safety record. Takes precautions and preventative measures to ensure a safe work environment.
Expert hands-on equipment electrical maintenance.
People skills. Demonstrate talent in interacting effectively with all types of people.
Must have good writing, speaking, interpersonal, and presentation skills.
APPLY

Not ready to

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Instructor, Electrical Trades Program - Burnaby, BC
Qualifications:
QUALIFICATIONS:

Electrician with an Interprovincial Qualification (Red Seal) or Engineer having electrical engineering background.
Five years' recent work experience in the electrical industry.
Previous supervisory or teaching experience with skills and abilities to instruct the curriculum.
An excellent command of the English language, both written and oral.
Basic computer literacy, including use of the Internet and email.
Knowledge of Renewable Energy systems.
Knowledge of automated control systems, including PLCs.
Field Safety Representative (FSR) certification an asset.
Preferred Qualifications:

Posting Date:
09-22-2018
Closing Date:
Open Until Filled
Special Instructions to Applicants:

Posting Category:
Part Time Studies Opportunities
Salary Range:
$63.53 to $95.30 per hour. Inclusive of vacation and holiday pay.
Salary/Pay Information:
Salary based on education, experience and placement criteria as outlined in the Collective Agreement
Quicklink for Posting:
careers.bcit.ca/applicants/Central?quickFind=52489

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager, Electrical - Vancouver, BC
Qualifications
</h2>Professional Engineer registration in Canada is <i>strongly preferred </i>but may consider candidates with eligibility for registration as a Professional Engineer in <i>BC in one year or less.</i>
At least 12 post-graduate experience years experience in power distribution, communication, lighting and life safety systems.Extensive local experience is an asset
Experience in a leadership, supervisory or mentorship role.
LEED AP, RCDD and LC designations are definite assets.
Excellent interpersonal skills; a person who listens well, respects diversity of opinions and has an open, clear and succinct communication style.
Strong presentation and project management skills.
The ability to recognize and accurately define problems and solutions by collecting data and establishing facts to draw valid conclusions.
A results oriented and decisive individual with the ability to delegate effectively.
A people oriented leader with a reputation for successfully attracting, mentoring and motivating a team.
Effective organizational and time management skills in handling multiple priorities, performing a variety of tasks, and meeting required deadlines.
Strong contacts in the engineering community and a persuasive presentation and communication style.
Experience and good judgement to plan and accomplish ambitious but achievable goals.
Ability to represent the company to the staff, clients and community by ensuring the best image is presented.
Understanding in revenue models, P/L, and cost-to-completion projections and makes decisions accordingly.
Understand in our pricing model and billing procedures.
Ability to facilitate team and client meetings effectively.
Strong understanding in the area of the engineering discipline.
Application knowledge of WEC systems and programs (including Gnosis, Vision, Career Path, MS Office, AutoCAD, Revit MEP, discipline specific design software, etc.)
Experience with the various Standards and the National and Provincial Codes mandatory.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Richmond, BC
Qualifications:
Engineering degree (BASc or MASc) with 10+ years relevant experience or equivalent.
Experience in digital (microprocessor with peripheral interfaces) and mixed signal hardware design (A/D and high voltage isolation implementation, signal conditioning, noise immunity).
Experience with multi-cell battery management design.
Experience with schematic capture and PCB design using Altium Designer.
Experience with the hardware design implementation of various communication protocols USB, I2C, RS232/485 Ethernet, Modbus.
Experience with wireless communication designs (Bluetooth, WiFi, Zigbee) an asset.
Hands on experience building and reworking circuit boards, both through hole and surface mount (prototype-quality only).
SPICE simulation experience is an asset.
Some software design experience is an asset.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
Strong relationship/interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Marine experience would be an advantage.
<i>
While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.</i>

About Corvus Energy


Founded in 2009, Corvus Energy provides purpose-engineered energy storage solutions for marine, oil & gas and port applications. Corvus Energy has the largest installed base of ESSs with the largest number of projects completed in the maritime industry. More than 90% of large commercial hybrid vessels utilize a Corvus ESS. Custom developed mechanical and electrical design combined with state-of-the-art battery management systems, provides Corvus Energy’s customers with not only lower maintenance costs but also reduced fuel consumption, and emissions. A Corvus ESS assists with regulatory compliance and emission control area (ECA) limits and provides immediate benefits with a rapid return on investment.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Engineering- IIoT - London, ON
QualificationsComputer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Software Engineering degree3-5 years of programming experience with a focus on C/C++Experience with serial communications (SPI, I2C, RS232, RS485), wired & wireless technologies (TCP/IP, UDP, Bluetooth, Ethernet, USB), networking (HSPA, CDMA, LTE)Understanding of common embedded development practices (memory and power optimizations)Experience with the software development lifecycle, in addition to common Agile development methodologiesKnowledge of common C++ libraries such as STL and BoostStrong understanding of common debugging, testing and automation methodologies for unit testing and product validationExperience with Linux Operating Systems would be preferredExcellent technical writing, communication and documentation skillsExceptionally self-motivated, directed and detail-orientedSubmit your cover letter and resume along with your salary expectations.<i>ZTR Control Systems provides accommodations for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. Candidates requiring accommodations during the recruitment process are asked to contact the Human Resources Generalist</i> <i>Information received regarding the accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially.</i>Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Lead - Burlington, ON
QualificationsBachelor of Engineering (Electrical) degree, or equivalent qualificationMinimum 5 years experience in the oil and gas sectorMinimum 5 years experience in supervisory positions, leading engineers and designers in project-based workExperience developing engineering estimates, schedules, and resource plans for electrical engineering workEligibility for registration as a Professional Engineer in the Province of Ontario and Alberta is requiredExperience with design of LV, MV, and HV power distribution systems for industrial facilities is requiredExperience with electrical area classifications for oil & gas facilities is requiredExperience with arc flash protection and studies is requiredExperience with AutoCAD and Plant3D an assetSolid knowledge of applicable regulations, standards, codes, and requirements (CEC, ISA, NFPA)Working knowledge of Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, Outlook)Strong interpersonal skills, a positive attitude, and a desire to perform design engineeringAptitude for seller-doer activities including building and maintaining client relationships, scoping new work, and resolving concernsDesire and aptitude for developing and continually improving in-house engineering processes, procedures, templates, etc.Ability to deal with competing priorities and manage time appropriatelyStrong analytical and problem solving skillsSelf-starter with the ability to work independently when requiredExcellent written and verbal communication skillsIf you would like to apply for this position, respond directly to this ad for consideration.Though we thank all applicants that apply for this role, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $55.00 to $60.00 /hourExperience:Management: 5 years (Required)Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Required)Oil And Gas: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's Degree (Preferred)Location:Burlington, ON (Preferred)Licence:Professional Engineer (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Co-op Student, Instrumentation Control - Electrical &amp; Measurement - Lloydminster, SK
Qualifications:
Must be currently enrolled in a post-secondary Co-op or Internship program
Strong academic background preferably in Instrumentation, Electrical, Chemical or Process Engineering
Some oil and gas experience would be an asset, but not required
Computer skills (MS Office and databases) are essential
Must be able to work effectively in a team environment
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Must hold a valid driver's license
Benefits of a Husky Energy Student Position:
Opportunities to:take part in impactful business projectsnetwork with experienced professionalsengage in a strong student networkgain valuable exposure in the Oil and Gas industryRelevant work experience in your field of studyRelocation assistanceCompetitive wages
Submission:
Please submit a resume and transcript. Applications without a recent transcript will not be considered.
Safety:
This is a safety sensitive role and as such you will also be required to wear all Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) during required work hours. Furthermore, you will also be required to pass the Husky pre-employment medical and drug/alcohol assessment requirements.
As this position requires the operation of a motor vehicle, applicants are asked to provide a recent (i.e. issued within the previous 4 weeks) original driver’s abstract, for the preceding 5 year period, if offered the position. A valid Canadian class 5 Drivers License with no restrictions (i.e. non GDL) is a requirement for this role.
Relocation:
Students moving for their work term may be eligible to receive a lump sum payment to assist with relocation expenses.
Candidates must have their own means of transportation as there is no public transportation in field locations.
Additional Information:
New graduates are not eligible for student opportunities.
Please note that only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
At Husky, we respect diversity and embrace an inclusive culture. We value uniqueness and different perspectives as they play a critical role in our success. To achieve this, individuals are selected based on qualifications, merit, and abilities and we encourage applications from everyone including visible minorities, Aboriginal people, women, and persons with disabilities.
About Husky:
One of Husky’s advantages is that we are an integrated oil and gas company. From exploration to development, production, refining and marketing, we’ve got it all! Combine this with a range of learning and development tools and an inclusive work environment, and you are well-positioned for a successful career at Husky.
We have training, mentoring and career development programs and resources to help you develop both personally and professionally – as an employee or a leader. We offer many internal leadership and business skills courses along with tuition reimbursement programs for qualified employees. Every year, a significant number of our employees are able to take on new roles within the company thanks to our strong focus on hands-on learning and development.
#LI-DNP

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Vice President of Engineering - Montréal, QC
Qualifications

Pre-requisites
Bachelor’s degree in Software, Computer or Electrical Engineering (or equivalent)
Master’s degree in Business Administration
10+ years of software engineering management with a proven track record of success
Excellent understanding of key architecture, design and regulatory considerations associated with creating software for
client-server, SAAS, and hosted/cloud-based solutions
medical devices, healthcare or for enterprise IT software solutions
Strong knowledge of SDLC and experience with SCRUM agile methodologies
Experience with DevOps culture and methodology
Experience in resource capacity planning

Desired competencies
High capacity to learn with a strong interest in new evolving technologies and methodologies
Outstanding work ethic with a sense to effectively balance between the need for urgency and compromise with investing in the longer term
Excellent communication and persuasion skills (written and verbal) are necessary to effectively convey goals, initiatives and business or technical issues to team members, senior management and clients
Unwavering maturity, integrity, and open-mindedness
Additional Information

Work in the Montreal Office with annual travel to our Toronto and Calgary offices
Some occasional travel to visit clients, technology partners, and trade shows
Engineering groups within your organization:
All software development teams (including remote teams in Toronto and Calgary)
Software Architecture Team
Software Infrastructure Team
Artificial Intelligence Innovation Lab
Q/A and Test Automation Team
R&D Project Management Team
Build Control Team
Technical Services Team

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Project Engineer - Mississauga, ON - Mississauga, ON
Qualifications:
Experience & Educational Requirements:
University degree with discipline in Electrical/Electronics Engineering is preferred
7+ years of work experience is preferred
Experience in heavy manufacturing industry is preferred (cement, steel, mining)
Safety oriented and sound knowledge of OH&S policies, procedures and regulations
Computer literate for all MS Office (incl. MS Project) and AutoCAD software
Project Management Certification /Training
Ability to work in an outdoor environment, with frequent exposure to heat, cold, dust and noise
Position Dimensions (core competencies):
Think the Business
Analysis and Problem Solving - Effectively examines events, issues and problems to generate optimal solutions in a timely manner
Deliver Results
Leads for Performance – Demonstrate and foster a sense of urgency and strong commitment to achieving goals.
Detail oriented with effective planning and organizational skills
Drives Change and Innovation – Champion new ideas and initiatives and create an environment that supports change and innovation
Customer Focus – Foster a customer-focused environment delivering exceptional customer service and anticipating future customer needs
Engages and Inspires – Inspire commitment and energy and a desire to excel and bring one's best contribution to the organizational mission and goals
Adapts and Learns- Work effectively in the face of ambiguity, shifting priorities and rapid change while actively developing one's skills and capabilities
Energize People
Communications - Communicates with impact and creates an environment in which people communicate openly and honestly
Foster Teamwork and Cooperation – Foster a sense of collaboration and work effectively across the organization to achieve goals
SEP - Sustainable Environment Performance
Understand and operate in accordance with company programs, policies and legislative requirements to ensure that environmental standards and performance objective targets are met.
CSR – Corporate Social Responsibility
Health & Safety – maintain a safe working environment by promoting a strong safety culture, enforcing all safety guidelines and ensuring compliance under legislation and Corporate requirements
Act as an ambassador for the company when interacting with the public – represent the organization as a responsible corporate citizen.
HRE – Human Resource Excellence
Seek development opportunities for professional growth.
Actively demonstrate the behaviors outlined in the CRH Leadership Competencies to contribute to a high performance work environment (ie: Act as a Role Model, Engage & Inspire).
Promote commitment to the organizations' vision & values.
Visit our website for more information: http://www.crhcanada.com
CRH Canada Group Inc. recognizes Canada’s diverse landscape. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment and selection process.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Manager - Lower Mainland, BC
Qualifications</h2>
The competencies of this position would be acquired through completion of University degree in Computer Science, Electrical, System Engineering or a relevant discipline, plus six (6) years of progressively responsible experience in a management position in system security and access control, preferably within transit and a Rolling Stock or Rail Infrastructure environment.
Other Requirements:
Expert technical skills with broad exposure to rail Operational Systems.
Advanced knowledge on the principles, theories, and practices of system security and access control
Advanced knowledge on relevant standards, legislation, acts and regulatory requirements pertaining to the rail industry.
Working knowledge of railway operation and maintenance practices, including configuration control.
Advanced analytical thinking and problem-solving skills, to resolve critical and high impact technical issues.
Advanced written and verbal communication skills with ability to translate technical risks, controls, vulnerabilities and issues into clear, actionable business language and to explain technical matters to
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Other Information</h2>
Recruitment Process: An applicant will be required to demonstrate their suitability for this position by meeting the minimum level of qualifications and experience in order to be invited into the selection process. A standard interview format will be used including general, scenario and behavioural descriptive interview questions.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Work Schedule</h2>
40 hours per week.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Rate of Pay</h2>
Grade: 06

Salary at $90,428 to 113,036.00 per annum
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
How to Apply</h2>
Please click the 'Apply' button at the top right corner or go to http://www.translink.ca/careers to apply for this position and view instructions on the process.

INSTRUCTIONS: Please save your (1) cover letter, and your (2) resume as one pdf document prior to uploading your application on-line.

Posting Date: December 19, 2018
Closing Date: Open until filled

Please note that only those short listed will be contacted.

Having trouble applying? Please view the System Requirements & FAQ's by going to http://www.translink.ca/careers.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Equal Employment Opportunity</h2>
British Columbia Rapid Transit Company is an equal opportunity employer.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Canada
Qualifications
Degree in Mechatronics, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering
5+ year of engineering experience in the manufacturing and engineering of mechanical products
5+ year of experience managing engineering teams and projects
Preferred experience in cooling and freezing solutions, and refrigeration related products
Must be an innovative, out-of-the box thinker and hands-on problem solver
Excellent skills in using AUTOCAD, Inventor and Windows
Hardworking, detail oriented with innovated mindset and able to work in tight schedules
Self-starter with excellent verbal and written communication skills
Why Work For Us
We OFFER: We COMMIT:
• Competitive salary & Benefits Packages • To food safety which affects each one of us
• Performance Bonuses • To provide the best environment to our team
• Career Advancement Opportunities • To create high-performing team
We BELIEVE:
Best work happens in collaboration
Success comes from working together and helping our people to learn, grow and develop

About FPS

FPS Food Process Solutions is a global leader in turn-key food freezing and cooling equipment. We provide innovative systems
to ensure the highest efficiencies and to meet the most stringent sanitary demands. These factors transform into superior food
quality, lowered cost of ownership and maximized profits.

Our goals at FPS is simple. We strive to create a singular standard in our industry – the highest standard. Along side our clients,
we call this the FPS Standard.

Please submit your resume to hr@fpscorp.ca
For a full list of our job openings, please visit www.fpscorp.ca/careers
<i>FPS Food Process Solutions Corp. is an equal opportunity employer, and we thank you for your interest in the position. Only those</i>
<i>candidates who match the requirements and are eligible to work in Canada will be contacted / shortlisted.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Journeyman Electrician - Joffre, AB
Qualifications:
The successful candidate will have a valid Alberta and Interprovincial electrical certification with a minimum 5+ year journeyman experience. In addition, the ideal candidate will have the following skills and experience:
Electrical experience maintaining medium voltage distribution equipment/systems up to 13.8KV experience
Working knowledge of computers, with preference given to the Microsoft Suite of products and SAP
Strong troubleshooting, conflict management, leadership and facilitation skills
Ability to work with and mentor junior Technicians and oversee contract personnel
Ability to work independently while contributing to an integrated and self-managing team
Demonstrated initiative and organizational skills are essential
Demonstrated mechanical aptitude and technical knowledge, and the ability to work effectively with Maintenance, Operations and Engineering Teams
Relay and Advanced motor testing experience would be beneficial.
About Us:
NOVA Chemicals develops and manufactures chemicals and plastic resins that make everyday life safer, healthier and easier. Our employees work to ensure health, safety, security and environmental stewardship through our commitment to sustainability and Responsible Care®. NOVA Chemicals, headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, is wholly-owned ultimately by Mubadala Investment Company of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
The NOVA Chemicals Joffre Site is located in Central Alberta, near Red Deer(Alberta’s third largest city). The Joffre Site is recognized as the largest combined ethylene/polyethylene manufacturing site in North America, and one of the largest in the world. Focus at the site is placed on operations excellence, plant availability and effective capital execution. Attention is also placed on the integration of technology while implementing and optimizing.

The Joffre site provides a wealth of recreational and social opportunities in the surrounding areas, as well as various educational options for children through advanced learning.

Benefits:
NOVA Chemicals’ flexible benefit programs are designed to meet the diverse needs of our employees, because when it comes to benefits, everyone has different priorities. Our benefits offerings will vary based on your work location, and are an element of the “Total Rewards” package used to reward employees.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Manager - Hay River, NT
Qualifications
</h2>Bachelor's degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering and eligible for membership in NAPEG or 2 Year Technical Diploma with Certified Engineering Technologist (C.E.T.) designation.
Certified Project Manager Professional (PMP) designation with the Project Management Institute (PMI) or enrolled to become a certified PMP with PMI in the near future.
Five (5) years of engineering and/or project management experience, preferably related to thermal and hydroelectric power generation. This will include a level of problem solving ability beyond standard issues.
Extensive experience and strong technical skills and understanding of thermal and hydroelectric generation procedures, permitting, engineering design, construction and commissioning.
Strong negotiation, analytical skills and demonstrated ability to exercise good judgment, be practical and capable to apply common sense and be accountable for individual work.
Demonstrated skill in organizing, directing and overseeing the work of project staff.
Excellent verbal and written communication, planning and organizational skills.
Proficient with the Microsoft Office suite of programs, such as Word, Excel, Outlook, Project IV, etc
Must undergo a successful criminal background check.
This is a unionized Position. We offer a comprehensive benefits package, which includes Health and Dental Benefits, Long-term Disability, Life Insurance, paid Sick Days and a Defined Pension Plan.
Affirmative Action Employer - Candidates must clearly identify eligibility status in order to receive priority consideration.
We thank all those who apply and advise that only those selected for further consideration will be contacted.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Services Manager - Edmonton, AB
Qualifications: </i>Exceptional verbal and written English communication and presentation skills are absolutely required.Strong/well developed social communication skills; ability to accurately and effectively communicate (generally and technically) with diverse types of people.Superior work ethic, high performance standards, and an inherently strong attention to detail.Exceptional organizational, multi-task and time management skills.<i>A professional attitude with strong ability to analyze issues, gather necessary information, and use sound judgment to draw valid conclusions.</i>*_Strongly motivated to learn, eager to meet (or exceed) basic requirements, good tolerance to stress/pressure, and willingness to put in extra time to meet work timelines._*<i>Technical Qualifications and Experience: </i>Preferred candidate will possess a minimum two (2) year degree/diploma, issued by an accredited institution, in the area of Electrical or Electronic Engineering Technology (with a focus on Power Electronics preferred).A minimum of five (5) years of direct experience with designing custom manufactured electrical power supply products or equivalent similar experience.<i>A minimum of five (5) years of progressive technical leadership experience (preferably within the electrical manufacturing industry).</i>*_Experience in customer support or technical type sales would bean asset._*Demonstrable advanced knowledge of, and prior experience with, power electronics (rectifier) systems, single and three-phase electrical systems and custom electrical/mechanical product design and manufacturing.A thorough understanding of power conversion, power electronic devices, control systems, switch-mode power supplies, thermal management and mechanical application is required.Demonstrable experience in the design / development of power electronics and printed circuit boards (PCBs).Advanced proficiency with both understanding and creating electrical schematics and mechanical drawings (strong mechanical aptitude required).Proficient in the use of common electrical testing equipment such as power supplies, digital volt meters, etc.Advanced proficiency in the use of MS officeand CAD software (AutoCAD, Solidworks, Altium, etc.).Must have a strong knowledge of standards and regulations (CSA, UL,IEC, etc.) and have experience with agency certification processes.Knowledgeable regarding lean manufacturing principals, ISO 9001, and MHSA requirementsKnowledge and experience with the Cathodic Protection industry and international business would be beneficial.<i>Duties and Responsibilities: </i>Product Research and DevelopmentProvide key input in relation to determining the viability of the development of new products and/or revisions to existing products to meet new or expanding business opportunities.Participate in analyzing the market requirement and product parameters/scope via client communications, market research, research of applicable codes, standards, regulations, etc.Providing a preliminary product development plan including a general design summary and budgetary cost/time frame estimate.Review and approval of IRT product technical information to ensure accuracy and validity.Providing technical oversight and guidance during meetings.Client/Customer and Internal SupportLead the operation of the Engineering Services group to ensure client/customer requirements are efficiently met and/or exceeded.Oversee and direct all product certification related matters.Provide support for new and existing company equipment.Provide technical support to existing and potential clients.Group Leadership SupportProvide guidance, coaching, constructive criticism, positive re-enforcement and encourage employee suggestions and participation.Develop a strong team through recruitment, training, and clear communication.Direct staff to assure attainment of objectives and schedules while ensuring quality requirements are met.Coordinate with the Operations Manager and HR Administrator in relation to staff recruitment, annual performance evaluation, wage increase, promotion, bonus/recognition, discipline, termination, etc.Direct and support staff, as required, with client requests to ensure an appropriate response and/or action.<i>Work Conditions/Environment: </i>Permanent, full time, salaried positionWorking hours of 7:30 am to 4:00 pm (Monday to Friday) (40 hour work week with some after-hours work regularly required and occasional weekend work as well)Occasional domestic and international travel may be requiredPrimarily in a professional office environment with regular visits to the manufacturing and warehouse areasRequires standing, walking, sitting, handling, lifting, reaching, traversing stairs, talking, hearing and seeing (close vision, color vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus)Fast-paced, multi-tasking environmentOwn vehicle for transportation is required<i>Compensation: </i>Competitive salary based on experience (between $85-100k per annum; <i>please indicate salary expectations when applying</i>)Annual bonus incentive program (typically 5-15%)3 weeks of vacationMedical and dental benefitsSubmit your resume via email only. We thank all applicants for their submissions; however, only applicants selected for an interview will be contacted.ABSOLUTELY NO phone calls or office visits please.Travel and relocation expenses are NOT provided.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Lead Electrical Engineer - Mississauga, ON
Qualifications:
Registered as a professional engineer within the Province of Ontario;
Minimum of 10 years of electrical engineering experience;
Knowledge of electrical calculations (short circuit, load flow, protection coordination, arc flash, cable sizing, and lighting design);
Experienced in the design of high voltage substations, low voltage secondary distribution systems, and emergency/critical power supply systems;
Experience with electrical design tools/software such as. ETAP, and SKM;
Experience with advanced lighting design tools (AGi32) would be considered an asset;
Knowledge of industry/regulatory codes and standards (CSA, NFPA and IEEE standards);
Experience in electrical system design in a Railroad Environment would be considered an asset;
A high degree of understanding of interdisciplinary dependencies related to the discipline;
Must demonstrate excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a team environment;
Must have excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to convey project technical information to project managers, clients and peers.
We are committed to fostering a workforce in each of our locations that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. Hatch is an Equal Opportunity Employer that considers employment applicants without regard to age, race, colour, national origin, citizenship, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, disability or any other protected status. If you have any special needs requirements, please let us know. We will do our utmost to accommodate, in accordance with applicable local legislation.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Manager - Pointe-Claire, QC
Qualifications :
University degree in (mechanical or electrical) engineering or equivalent technical knowledge is accepted ( 5 years)
Project manager specialisation with 5 years experience
Experience pertaining to the execution of electrical construction work
Bilingualism (spoken and written)
Knowledge of MS Office skills and SAP (an asset)
Negotiation skills
Organizational, planning and follow-up skills
Good communicator
Knowledge of Caterpillar products an asset
PMP certification an asset

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Energy Manager - Windsor, ON
QualificationsCertified Energy Manager (CEM) designation from AEE preferredBachelor Degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering requiredEligible for a Professional Engineering License in Ontario or MichiganDesign experience requiredAt least 5 years of experience as an Energy Manager/EngineerA clean work history that demonstrates practical knowledge and experiences with the key duties and responsibilitiesEnergy efficiency training and knowledgeHighly experienced with Excel, Word, Power Point, Access, Project and Utility Manager softwareKnowledge of thermodynamic load calculations (electrical, natural gas and refrigeration)Preference given to individuals with knowledge and previous work experiences with World Class Manufacturing/World Class Logistics, or other lean manufacturing operating systemsMust be able to obtain TN VisaKey Duties & ResponsibilitiesWrite an energy-management policyDevise a strategy for reducing energy costs and environmental impactCoordinate an energy committee and energy championsDevelop a program of energy-saving projectsMaintain a register of energy-saving opportunitiesMeasure and verify the savings achievedMaintain a watch on prices and other developments in energy marketsMonitor and advise on legislation, regulations, and carbon trading schemesKeep abreast of potential energy and water saving productsMaintain records of energy suppliers, transportation & metering companies, and regulatory bodiesMaintain links with current and potential energy suppliersPrepare invitations to tender for energy suppliesAnalyze supply tenders and negotiate with bidders to maximize value of spendingCollect and collate demand profile data from electricity suppliers and corresponding data for fuel consumptionRecommend changes in patterns of consumption to minimize transportation chargesCheck energy supply invoices and obtain refunds and rebatesCommission and supervise specialist consultantsConduct or arrange energy audits and surveys, performance tests and investigationsEnsure timely collection of in-house meter readingsImplement sub-metering and data logging where requiredCollect weather statistics, occupancy and production figures, and other measurable variable factors which affect energy consumptionEstablish normal relationships between consumption and relevant driving factorsAnalyze energy consumption histories on a weekly basis to detect exceptionsDiagnose, investigate and rectify detected exceptionsCollate comparative data and yardstick figures for bench-marking purposesParticipate in energy bench-marking groupsConduct or arrange staff awareness and motivation programsOperate an energy-saving suggestion schemeDevise, commission and deliver or supervise energy training programsReport on energy consumption and costs, associated transmission and distribution costs, budget variances, costs of exceptions, and savings achievedAssist with the preparation of energy budgetsAssist in the development of energy-conscious design, maintenance, and operation policiesSalary is based on experience.<i>SNP Technical Services Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage applications from all people. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process</i><i>.</i>Job Type: Full-timeExperience:total professional: 5 years (Required)Energy Management: 5 years (Required)Licence:Certified Energy Manager (CEM) (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Analog Technology CAD Engineer - Ottawa West, ON
QualificationsMASc or BASc in Electrical EngineeringUNIX/Linux user knowledgeProficiency with at least one programming languageAbility to apply software development conceptsCapability to produce adequate technical documentationRecent hands on experience with Cadence Virtuoso and Virtuoso-XL tools and environmentWorking experience or knowledge in SKILL programming , Python , TCLIC design experience ( analog or digital , mostly layout)Experience in deep submicron CMOS (28nm or below)Experience in FinFET technologies is an assetExperience in Mentor Calibre DRC/LVS/PERC, and Apache Totem EM & IR analysis is a plusExperience in high-speed analog layout is an assetKnowledge of analog design fundamentals including one of: SerDes, ADC/DAC, high-speed digital, RF, PLL is a plusJob Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Building Code Examiner - Toronto, ON
Qualifications:

Your application must describe your qualifications as they relate to:

Post secondary degree, or diploma in a discipline such as architectural technology, building science or civil engineering technology, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience reviewing drawings for compliance with the Ontario Building Code
Experience in the construction industry or building design
Experience with computer applications such as CADD, MS Office, Amanda and other engineering or architectural software.
 You must also have:

Ability to obtain the following Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing BCIN qualification requirements for building officials: Legal, Small (which includes House), Complex (which includes Large) and Structural.
Knowledge of the Ontario Building Code.
Knowledge and understanding of all aspects of building construction and related legislation.
Knowledge of and ability to apply the Ontario Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations relevant to work place safety.
Good interpersonal, problem solving and conflict management skills.
Ability to deal effectively and courteously with customers, general public and all levels of staff by telephone, in person and in writing.
Ability to plan, organize and manage work with minimal supervision and complete assigned duties accurately and within timelines.
Ability to work well autonomously or within a group or team environment.
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with discretion and tact.
Ability to support the Toronto Public Service values to ensure a culture that champions equity, diversity and respectful workplaces.

We thank all applicants and advise that only those selected for further consideration will be contacted.

Communication: Please note that we communicate to applicants via email. Therefore, please ensure that your email address is up to date in your TalentFlow account, and that you check your email regularly.

Accommodation:

The City of Toronto is committed to fostering a positive and progressive workforce reflecting the citizens we serve. We provide equitable treatment and accommodation to ensure barrier-free employment in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code, Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and the City of Toronto's Accommodation Policy. You can request for accommodation related to the protected grounds at any stage of the City's hiring process, i.e., application, assessment and placement.

If you are an individual with a disability and you need accommodation in applying for this position, please email us at applaccomodation@toronto.ca, quoting the job ID # and the job classification title.

If you are invited to participate in the assessment process, we ask that you provide your accommodation needs in advance at that time. Please be advised that you may be requested to provide medical/other documentation to Human Resources to ensure that appropriate accommodation is provided to you throughout the hiring process.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Superintendent - Toronto, ON
Qualifications:
5-10 years underground experience in a supervisory capacity
Journeyperson Industrial Electrician or Instrumentation Technician
Two year Diploma in Engineering Technology or related/equivalent experience in the trades
Familiarity with Business Management Systems (i.e., QAS, EMS, OHSAS)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>MTS - Circuit Design Engineering - Analog - Toronto, ON
Qualifications</h4>
MS/PhD with 5+ years of circuit design experience
Strong circuit design experience with deep-submicron CMOS technologies with exposure on AFE, DFE, CDR, PLL, IOs, Clocking and Voltage regulators
Strong system level experience and understanding of signal integrity, noise, circuits and packaging challenges in high-speed interfaces/physical layers
Strong technical knowledge of electrical interface standards such as IEEE Ethernet, OIF-CEI, PCIe, SATA, and USB.
Track record of design and production of serial interface PHYs
Track record of driving technical solutions across organizational boundaries and multiple technical disciplines
Experience working in and leading R&D and future technology development projects
Silicon debug and troubleshooting skills are highly desirable. Experience with electrical testing equipment such as oscilloscopes, signal generators, network/spectrum analyzers.
Strong communication skills (written, verbal and presentation) and high degree of self-motivation, team player, and innovation.

#LI-PM1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Relaibility Engineer (Electrical) - Greater Toronto Area, ON
Qualifications and Skills:<br/>*4+ year Degree in Electrical Engineering or Electrical Engineering Technology or Reliability Engineering required Experience with EAM software – IBM Maximo4+ years as a Reliability Engineer with Maintenance or Operational experience in process manufacturingExcellent electrical analytical skills and a proven problem solverMust have a valid passport, valid driver’s license and be willing to travel 25%5+ years using AutoCAD, CMMS, MS Office Suite including ProjectWorked with the different electrical standards such as IEEE, National Electric Code, Canadian Electric Code, NEMA, etc.Utilized and facilitated various RCFA to successfully troubleshoot diagnose and resolve major electrical and instrumentation failures.Key Responsibilities: Diagnose, design, develop and implement standardized electrical and instrumentation preventative and predictive maintenance systems for process manufacturing facilities by utilizing EAM software – IBM MaximoMust have experience implementing and optimizing cost-justified electrical and instrumentation Predictive and Preventative maintenance strategies in multiple plants in North American and Europe **Supervise and work with onsite engineers, Electrical Contractors and electricians to assign work required to project cost estimation, work planning, scheduling, coordination, and reporting on findingsConduct corporate-wide audits to diagnose and track status of Corrective Actions of critical electrical, instrumentation, motors, transformers, etc. condition and required corrective actions to meet above electrical codes and corporate electrical standards.Open to travel to work with onsite engineers to help diagnose and recommend improvements with equipment that has had repetitive failure.Analyze the Pareto value downtime, rate reduction and waste specific critical equipment, identifying highest gain for root causes analysis of electrical and instrumentation defects and develop optimized predictive and preventive inspections and tasks to achieve earliest detection of defects to correct or mitigate failures, in order to prevent downtime.Act as corporate resource for electrical and instrumentation reliability and maintenance systems development and implementationJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $80,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearExperience:Reliability Engineering: 5 years (Required)Maximo Software: 4 years (Required)Licence:Degree in Electrical or Reliability Engineering (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Professor, Mathematics for Engineering (Part-time) - Brampton, ON
Qualifications:
Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering/Physics/Mathematics or a related field is required; MSc or PhD preferred;
Minimum of one year teaching experience in secondary/post secondary education or two years of teaching assistantship (TA) is required;
Experience in teaching mathematics or physics is considered an asset and given preference;
Experience in teaching/curriculum development at secondary/college level is considered an asset and given preference;
Experience in tutoring in established tutoring institutions is considered an asset and given preference;
Strong network of contacts with other professionals in the mathematics education community an asset;
Excellent communications and interpersonal skills;
Committed to excellence in teaching and learning and to working within a team environment.
Please apply online: https://careers-sheridancollege.icims.com
Sheridan welcomes diversity in the workplace and encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including visible minorities, Indigenous People, and persons with disabilities. In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA), Sheridan is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process. At any stage of the hiring process, Human Resources will work with applicants requesting accommodation.
Note: Copies of educational credentials are requested at the time of an interview. As a condition of employment, Sheridan requires confirmation of educational credentials in the form of an official Canadian transcript or an official evaluation of international credentials which determines Canadian equivalency.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Analysis Engineer, Burnaby, BC Canada - Burnaby, BC
Qualifications:
A BSc. degree in applied science or engineering with at least 3-5 years of related experience.
Very good capability and some experience with analytical and numerical mathematical methods for solving differential equations (ordinary and partial).
Working knowledge of flow mechanics, heat and mass transfer and electrical processes and their governing equations. Electrochemistry knowledge is not required, but it is considered an important asset.
Knowledge/experience with computer programming languages such as or similar to Matlab, C, or Fortran.
Very familiar with CFD tools such as ESI ACE+ and/or Ansys Fluent and with meshing software such as Hypermesh.
Experience with testing methods, measurement tools and model validation studies is preferred.
Very good capability using analysis tools for design activities.
Comfortable with drawings and design standards.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sustaining Engineer - Richmond, BC
Qualifications:
Engineering degree (BASc or MASc) or equivalent with 3+ years relevant experience.
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
Strong relationship/interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Experience with mechanical and/or electrical design is an asset.
Hands on experience building and reworking circuit boards, both through hole and surface mount is an asset.
Simulation experience (electrical circuit, mechanical, or fluids) is an asset.
Experience with PDM and change control.
Experience in the marine industry or marine product development is an asset.
<i>
While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.</i>

About Corvus Energy


Founded in 2009, Corvus Energy provides purpose-engineered energy storage solutions for marine, oil & gas and port applications. Corvus Energy has the largest installed base of ESSs with the largest number of projects completed in the maritime industry. More than 90% of large commercial hybrid vessels utilize a Corvus ESS. Custom developed mechanical and electrical design combined with state-of-the-art battery management systems, provides Corvus Energy’s customers with not only lower maintenance costs but also reduced fuel consumption, and emissions. A Corvus ESS assists with regulatory compliance and emission control area (ECA) limits and provides immediate benefits with a rapid return on investment.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Power System Studies Engineer - Victoria, BC
Qualifications/Requirements:5-10 years of experience directly related to Power System StudiesExperience dealing with clients on a daily basisProfessional Engineer - Registered or eligible for registration with EGBCField experience with electrical power equipment an assetProject and employee management experience an assetExcellent MS Office skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skillsExperience with digital power system modeling software. Experience with ETAP necessary.Experience with CDEGS and PSS/E or similar are assetsLeadership and proven Interpersonal and communication skills.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Power Systems Engineer: 5 years (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manager, Plant and Property ( - Timmins, ON
Qualifications
QUALIFICATIONS:
Education:
Minimum three-year diploma/degreeProgram speciality – Architectural, Mechanical and Electrical Technology

Experience:
Seven years of experience in the physical resources and health and safety field is requiredProven leadership experience in managing technical and administrative staff

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Computer skills including but not limited to: Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint and AutoCADProven understanding of engineering, mechanical and electric systemsLeadership experience in managing Health and Safety and Risk Management programsKnowledge of emerging trends/issues to ensure effective/efficient applicationsSolid project management to plan/manage/coordinate work assignments, assess technical submissions and make appropriate assessments of engineering/mechanical drawings

Northern College is committed to an inclusive, barrier-free selection process. If contacted regarding this competition, please advise the interview coordinator of accommodation measures you may require during our selection process. Information received relating to accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Professor, Electrical Skilled Trades (Part-time) - Brampton, ON
Qualifications:
Licensed electrician (Trade Code 309A and/or 442A)
Minimum of 8 years related professional experience;
Availability to teach daytime hours is preferred;
Experience in teaching and curriculum development at the post-secondary level or equivalent experience as a trainer in industry preferred;
Formal studies in adult or higher education an asset;
Strong network of contacts with other professionals in the electrical industry;
Excellent communications and interpersonal skills;
Demonstrable ability to convey the conceptual and applied aspects of knowledge to a broad range of students;
Committed to excellence in teaching and learning and to working within a team environment.
Please apply online: https://careers-sheridancollege.icims.com
Sheridan welcomes diversity in the workplace and encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including visible minorities, Indigenous People, and persons with disabilities. In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA), Sheridan is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process. At any stage of the hiring process, Human Resources will work with applicants requesting accommodation.
Note: Copies of educational credentials are requested at the time of an interview. As a condition of employment, Sheridan requires confirmation of educational credentials in the form of an official Canadian transcript or an official evaluation of international credentials which determines Canadian equivalency.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Maintenance Supervisor - Taber, AB
Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have basic knowledge in the uses and operation of all tools of the trade.
Must have a thorough working knowledge of machine dynamics, and various processing equipment.
Must have good communication skills oral and written.
Must be able to distinguish colors and hues.
Must have above average dexterity.
Must be able to safely perform tasks in any area of the plant.
Proven leadership ability.
Must be able to make and read drawings, sketches and schematics.
Have a working knowledge of plant layout, equipment and specifications and operational needs.
Must have a working knowledge of applicable federal and safety codes and where required by duly licensed or certified.
Must possess good organizational skills
Preferred Degree in Engineering, Engineering Technology, Journeyman Certificate or related fields, minimum 3 years of maintenance supervisor experience, and adequate written and oral communications to be able to interface with production. Proven leadership skills.
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.
Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
Provincial Driver's License
First Aid Certified
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand and walk. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; talk or hear; and taste or smell. The employee is occasionally required to sit. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move more than 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near moving mechanical parts and is regularly exposed to wet and/or humid conditions. The employee is frequently exposed to extreme cold and extreme heat. The employee occasionally works in high, precarious places and in outside weather conditions and is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, risk of electrical shock, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Lead Electrical Engineer - Edmonton, AB
Qualifications:
A recognized degree in electrical engineering from an accredited college or university, AND;
Registered Professional Engineer (P.Eng.) in Canada.
Practical work experience in design engineering or relevant equivalent experience in allied types of engineering roles.
Excellent communication skills (Oral and Written).
Knowledge of industry/regulatory codes and standards.
Intermediate to advanced computer skills.
15+ years in electrical engineering for Oil & Gas, Refinery, Petrochemical, Heavy Industrial or Power projects, in an EPC environment.
Previous experience as a Discipline Lead, Deputy Discipline Chief or Discipline Chief.
How to Apply
If you are interested in this position, please send your resume and cover letter, in MS Word format, to resumes@bantrel.com mentioning reference code B-027-ELE-Nov18-E2 in the subject line.
We thank all candidates for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for further review will be contacted. All other resumes will be retained for future consideration.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Vancouver, BC
Qualifications:
B.S. Electrical Engineering or Electrical Engineering Technology
5+ years of experience in Power Systems or other high- low power distribution systems
Professional Registration, or ability to obtain within 6 months required
Ability to obtain a TWIC Port Pass or other Govt issued badges with background checks.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills, including ability to complete complex technical assignments and prepare and analyze technical reports.
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point is required.
Proficiency in AutoCAD, ETAP, EasyPower and AGI32 are preferred but not a requirement.

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this position. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change.

Moffatt & Nichol is a global infrastructure advisory firm of approximately 700 employees in 36 offices and 7 countries. We provide practical solutions to clients in the marine terminal, transportation, energy, environmental, federal, and urban development markets around the world. We are a multidiscipline professional services firm with specialized expertise in structural, coastal, and civil engineering; environmental sciences; economics analysis; inspection & rehabilitation; and program management solutions.

Moffatt & Nichol’s EEO Statement
As a global business, Moffatt & Nichol relies on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goal of Creative People, Practical solutions serving our client needs, and ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI and VII of the Civil rights Act of 1964. We continuously seek talented, qualified employees in our world-wide operations regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, religion, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Moffatt & Nichol is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer/ Federal Contractor desiring priority referrals of all protected veterans for job openings.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Leader - Lachine, QC
QualificationsHolds a Bachelor of Engineering or College technical diploma (Mechanical or Electrical field);Has minimum 3 years of Project or Product Management experience;Has minimum 3 years of manufacturing, mechanical or electrical engineering experience;Demonstrates an understanding of electrical and mechanical system (We would expect the candidate to get familiarized with the system and troubleshoot with minimal guidance);Has exceptional communication abilities and well-developed professional verbal and written skills in French and English;Must demonstrate leadership and planning skills;Strong Microsoft Office skills (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook, MS Project);Must be highly energetic and result oriented;Knowledge of Spanish would be an asset;Possess technical software knowledge (CAD – Computer Aided Design or CAE - Computer Aided Engineering, such as stress analysis or deformation analysis on a given part or assembly) is an asset;Programming skills would be an asset;Knowledge of certification standards and processes such as UL (Underwriters Laboratory), CSA (Canadian Standards Association), NSF (National Sanitation Foundation) would be an asset.Working ConditionsOffice and work shop environment with some hands on involvement. Regular hours are from 8:30am to 5:00pm, Monday to Friday. There is a possibility of occasional, short-term travel within North America; valid passport is required.We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only qualified candidates will be contacted.*Complete benefits package offered*Potential bonus (based on Company performance and individual performance)<i>Hardt endorses an Equal Employment Opportunity Program and invites women, members of visible and ethnic minorities, Aboriginal people and persons with disabilities to apply. The masculine gender is used solely for the purpose of shortening the text.</i>Job Types: Full-time, PermanentExperience:manufacturing, mechanical or electrical engineering: 3 years (Required)Project or Product Management: 3 years (Required)Education:DCS / DEC (Required)Location:Lachine, QC (Preferred)Language:French (Required)English (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director of Sensors Engineering - Saskatoon, SK
Qualifications
</h2>Education & Experience
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or equivalent.
Advanced degree preferred in Engineering or Business.
10 or more years of experience in product design, product support and marketing. at least 5 years in a Manager level role
Knowledge of engineering design and manufacturing processes.
Understanding of project management principles.
Critical skills for this position include analytical and conceptual skills, good communication and interpersonal skills, ability to function as part of a team, excellent organizational skills.
Knowledge, Skills & Attributes
Knowledge of agricultural applications highly desirable
Experience working with OEM customers in the agricultural equipment industry
International experience
Experience working with outside design resources/partners
Excellent planning skills
Advanced management skills
Ability and willingness to travel up to 25%

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Lincoln, NE 68508
Qualifications: Licensed Professional Engineer in Architectural or Electrical Engineering, with 4+ years of experience in the MEP industry.Focused experience and understanding of building electrical systems including: distribution, lighting, power, fire alarm and special systems.Proficient in AutoCAD. Revit MEP experience is a plus.Experience with SKM PowerTools, AGI 32 and other electrical design software.Effective verbal and written communication skills.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 3 years (Required)Location:Lincoln, NE (Required)License:PE (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Packaging R&amp;D Engineering (LYA Electrical Engineer - Phoenix, AZ 85018
Qualifications

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship.

This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly.
Candidate must have an MS in Physics, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science and Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or other relevant applied engineering degree.
Minimum of 6 months experience in one or all of the following characterization techniques: Optical microscopy, SEM, CSAM, FIB, and analytical techniques (FTIR, Raman, EDS, AFM, XRD, XRF, TXRF).

Preferred:
Minimum of 6 months experience with sample preparation such as: mechanical cross-sectioning and planar grinding.
Minimum of 6 months of experience in one or all of the following electrical fault isolation techniques: Curve tracing, electrical hand-probing, EBIC, IBIC, TIVA, LIVA, TDR, EOTPR, SQUID, SSM, ELITE.
Minimum of 6 months of experience with statistical data analysis, JMP/JSL, Python, and relational database structure is a plus as well as familiarity with commonality analysis.
Minimum of 6 months experience in assembly process.
Willing to work a compressed work week during the day shift.
Inside this Business Group
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Product Engineering Intern - Milpitas, CA 95035
Qualifications
Relevant classes: Physics 1, mechanics, math, electrical, control systems, and multivariate/vector calculus
Relevant experience (project/internships): machine learning, feedback loops, control systems, self-driving or automation, motor, and encoders
Basic experience with one of the following programming languages required (C, C++, python, r, or java).
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Hands-on experience with Control Systems.
Must be self-driven, and a strong team player.
Minimum Qualifications
Pursuing BS or MS degree in Physic, Software, Electrical or Computer Engineering
Minimum 2 year completion of BS degree.
Equal Employment Opportunity
KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Adjunct Lecturer - Engineering - Frostburg, MD 21532
Qualifications
Masters in Electrical Engineering or related field, or equivalent work experience in industry.
Preferred Qualifications

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Assoc Engineer, Offers Feasibility and Realization Engineering - Bellevue, WA
Qualifications:

Familiar with software design process
Willing to learn and design mobile applications using one or several of the following protocols: CAPv2, SIP, Diameter (Ro, Gy, Sy), LDAP, and/or Web Service protocols
Some knowledge in telecom technology and services
Familiarity with any cloud technologies and virtualization
Familiarity with any database implementation (Casandra database is a plus)
Technically curious and keen to make a difference
Some software development experience to drive efficiency through use of best practices and automation
Ability to work in teams
Self-starter and highly motivated individual to go beyond routine duties
Ability to think outside of the box
Good verbal and written communication skills
Minimum Qualifications:

M.S or B.S degree in Computer Science, Electrical or Information Systems
Company Profile:

As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile USA, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile USA. Inc. provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com

EOE Statement:

We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intern opportunities for PhD students: Hardware Engineering - United States
Qualifications</h2>
Pursing a PhD degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineer, mechanical engineering or related field with at least one semester/quarter remaining after internship.
A year or two of internship or classroom experience in product development preferred.
Excellent debugging skills and drive to develop innovative hardware.
Ability to understand, contribute to and improve the hardware solutions we develop.
Ability to drive collaborative efforts effectively across multiple disciplines.
Ability to think strategically, be creative and innovate ways to communicate and visualize user experiences.
Results-driven with a strong attention to detail and technical problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability to analyze hardware and firmware designs.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Knowledge of embedded programming and C/C++/C# concepts is preferred.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Level Flight Test Engineer - Seattle, WA
Qualifications:
This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.
Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry.
Preferred Qualifications:
Effective communication skills (writing, collaborating, presenting, etc)
Bachelor's Degree in Aerospace, Aeronautical, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering preferred
Have or have held an active U.S. Security Clearance in the past 24 months
Experience in flight test and evaluation

Yes, 10 % of the Time Engineering Test and Tech Entry Level Yes No Standard United States; The Boeing Company Everett;Washington;United States~

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Plant/Electrical Engineering Manager - Chicago, IL 60609
QualificationsMinimum five years experience in Engineering.Background in implementing PM Systems, improving equipment reliability, working with machine shops, root cause analysis.Proficient with use of computer, MS Office, Project Management, Infinium, Methos and Drafting Software.Education and/or ExperienceBachelor’s degree required in Engineering, Electrical or Mechanical.Must have five years of supervisory experience.Broad background in plant operations and maintenance.Knowledge of steam boiler, Chiller cooling water and compressed air systems and operations.Experience with chemical processing, liquid filling and packaging equipment.Reasoning AbilityMust be able to assess staff performance and behavior for the purpose of performance appraisals.Must be able to control expenses to stay within budgetary guidelines.Good problem solving skills and technical aptitude are a must.Physical DemandsThe employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and reach for long periods of time.The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Supervisory: 3 years (Required)Electrical/Plant Engineering: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Intern - Pittsburgh, PA 15219
Qualifications:
Must be pursuing a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering.
Minimum of a cumulative 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Aptitude for working on multi-disciplinary teams.
Commitment to achieving engineering excellence.
Ability to apply technical knowledge to various practical problems.
A desire to learn and continually develop.
Strong personal commitment to safety.
Co-op or Summer Student experience an asset.
We are committed to fostering a workforce in each of our locations that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. Hatch is an Equal Opportunity Employer that considers employment applicants without regard to age, race, colour, national origin, citizenship, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, disability or any other protected status. If you have any special needs requirements, please let us know. We will do our utmost to accommodate, in accordance with applicable local legislation.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Product Engineering Intern - United States
Qualifications:
Enrolled in an Electrical or Computer Engineering track for undergraduate or graduate degree

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Ability to work independently and as a team member

Strong technical skills

Statistics and electronics test equipment experience preferred

Knowledge of LabVIEW, Python, Visual BASIC, HTML, and/or C/C++ preferred

For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.

Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Leadership Development Program Internship - Norcross, GA 30093
Qualifications:</h2>
Minimum GPA: 3.0
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Education:</h2>
Undergraduate student in junior year pursuing a degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Software Engineering, or Computer Science
Work Authorization: Permanent work authorization in the U.S. is required
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Additional Requirements:
</h2>Ability to work 40 hours per week from May to August 2019
Organized, self-motivated, effective communication skills, problem-solver
High attention to detail and dedicated to quality and excellence.
Proficient in use of Microsoft Office Suite.
URDP

#LI-EJ1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Level Electrical Engineer- FIRMWARE - Germantown, MD 20876
Qualifications
Must be working toward Bachelors or Masters’ Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical or Systems Engineering with a 3.0 or higher GPA and have graduated by date of hire.
Novice technical expertise and application domain knowledge
Previous internship and/or co-op experience preferred
Physical Requirements (Lifting, Walking, Bending, Stooping kneeling etc.)
Lifting up to 25 lbs up to 25% of time
Walking: up to 25% of time
Climbing, Bending, Standing, Stooping: up to 10% of time
Sitting: up to 75% of time

Leonardo DRS, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state or local law. #AIS

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer I - United States
Qualifications
</h2>QUALIFICATIONS:

Critical Success Factors:
Ability to work cross functionally between groups
Excellent communication skills.
Listens and responds to customer needs
Cultivates and enables breakthrough thinking to drive growth
Utilizes critical thinking to solve problems

Required Skills/Experience:
Hands-on knowledge of commonly-used circuits, analysis and measurement tools
Demonstrated skill in: circuit design, schematic capture, circuit modeling, circuit analysis, component selection, circuit layout, testing circuit performance in and out of complete product.
Experience with OrCAD Capture and OrCAD PCB Designer strongly preferred.
Understanding of RoHS-compliance pertaining to circuit design.
Excellent Communication and Presentation Skills including ability to explain technical information to non-technical persons.
An understanding of the importance of engineering documentation, the ability to write clearly and concisely, and organizational skills to maintain thorough records.
Ability to work well with all levels of personnel individually and in a team environment.
Uses good judgement in interpreting and adapting guidelines such as policies, regulations, precedents, and work directions for application to specific cases or problems.


Desired Skills/Experience:
Proficiency in printed circuit board layout skills is highly desired.
Proficiency in PLC’s, experience with micro-controllers, embedded controllers, controls networking, and electro-mechanical systems is desired.


Education
Requires a minimum of 2 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree; or 1 years and a Master's degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent work experience.

Travel Requirements
None

Key Relationships:
Engineering
Research & Development
Manufacturing Engineers
Purchasing
Danaher Corporation Overview
Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked #162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years.
At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Organization
</h2>: X-Ray Optical Systems (XOS)
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Job Function
</h2>: Engineering
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Primary Location
</h2>: North America-North America-United States
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Schedule
</h2>: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Automation Engineer - Warren, OH 44483
Qualifications and skills5+ years’ experience in Automation TechnologyDegree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering Technology, or Computer ScienceCompetent in the use of electrical engineering softwareStrong understanding of automation & SCADA systemsAble to troubleshoot an commissioning equipmentExceptional written and verbal communication skillsCompetent in the use of PLC & HMI programming softwareJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Automation Technology: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Vice President of Engineering - Chandler, AZ 85226
Qualifications & Skills:
BS in Engineering or Engineering Technology
At least 12 years experience in product design/development or new technologies
At least 6 years experience leading new technologies or specialized technologies
-OR-
MS in Engineering
At least 10 years experience in product design/development or new technologies
At least 4 years experience leading new technologies or specialized technologies
At least 5 years experience leading production vehicle programs.
5 years of related project management and related activities.
Demonstrated ability to lead engineering teams of greater than 20 persons.
Demonstrated, exceptional customer care skills.
Relevant experience in Design Verification/Process Validation methodologies.
Experience using Siemens NX design software and Team center PLM in a fast paced, multi-user production environment preferred. Other software based on experience / relevance.
Versed in Stage-Gate Methodologies and how cross functional teams interact for product development initiatives.
Overall, multi-disciplinary knowledge of mechanical, electrical, and structural engineering practices and methods to provide guidance and direction for department activities.
Familiarity with environmental, mechanical, and electrical verification testing methodologies in an automotive environment.
Computer skills: In addition to the requirements above, the candidate must have experience with ERP systems, MS Office, including intermediate to advanced knowledge of Word and Excel, Outlook, and other Office suite tools.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Adjunct Lecturer - Engineering - Frostburg, MD 21532
Qualifications
Masters in Electrical Engineering or related field, or equivalent work experience in industry.
Preferred Qualifications

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intern opportunities for PhD students: Hardware Engineering - United States
Qualifications</h2>
Pursing a PhD degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineer, mechanical engineering or related field with at least one semester/quarter remaining after internship.
A year or two of internship or classroom experience in product development preferred.
Excellent debugging skills and drive to develop innovative hardware.
Ability to understand, contribute to and improve the hardware solutions we develop.
Ability to drive collaborative efforts effectively across multiple disciplines.
Ability to think strategically, be creative and innovate ways to communicate and visualize user experiences.
Results-driven with a strong attention to detail and technical problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability to analyze hardware and firmware designs.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Knowledge of embedded programming and C/C++/C# concepts is preferred.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Jacksonville, FL
Qualifications:Electrical Engineering Degree - Bachelor's5+ years of experience in facility design preferredMust hold a P.E. License. If in another state, must be able to obtain Florida P.E. licenseExperience using AutoCAD and Microsoft office is required.Proven leader with a strong, team-oriented mindsetKey Responsibilities:Performs electrical power distribution and lighting designApplies knowledge of the National Electrical CodeIn responsible charge of design projects and directs team members in performing detailed designReviews and provides quality assurance of design work performed by other engineers and designersCoordinates with other design professionals, vendors and sub-contractorsEnsures projects are completed on time and within budget, while maintaining exceptional qualityUses Specification software to provide specsPerforms submittal reviews for electrical equipmentResponds to Contractor Requests for Information (RFIs)Initiates corrective measures where necessary to improve work environment and proceduresAll qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. This is a prime opportunity to join our exceptional team of professionals.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.00 to $110,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.00 to $110,000.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:Professional Engineer (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Lowell, MA 01851
Qualifications:</h4>
BSEE with experience in hardware design of microcontroller-based PCB assemblies.Experience should demonstrate capability in various phases of product life-cycle from concept to production, as well as support of manufacturing and customers.Demonstrated capability for design of experiments, product qualification testing (EMI, RFI, thermal, etc.) and production acceptance testing.Must have experience in using and maintaining schematic capture software, preferably PADs Logic.Proven track record of product design from concept, design, PCB layout checking, test, release and support.
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">
Desired Skills:</h4>
Familiarity with PIC microcontroller families or 8051 architecture.Experience with analog circuit design and firmware design.Understanding IPC standards (610, J-STD-001) for PC board layout, fabrication and assembly.MTBF Calculations using third party software.Proficiency with USB, RS232 and other low-speed serial communication interfaces.
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">
Benefits:</h4>
Cortron offers a culture where a motivated and enthusiastic employee can flourish, experience professional fulfillment, and reach their highest potential. We offer competitive compensation and an excellent benefits package including full medical, dental, life, short- and long-term disability, 401(K), 20 days paid time off, 9/80 work schedule, and performance-based bonuses. In addition, we typically shut down for 1-2 weeks (paid time off) during year-end holidays (above and beyond normal vacation time). We are located right off Route 3, two exits north of Route 495.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Mountain View, CA 94043
Qualifications:
BS or MS in Electrical Engineering (or equivalent relevant work experience)
Strong drive to focus on system elegance and hardware utility
5+ years of experience. New graduates with solid internship/coop experience will be considered.
Demonstrate some microcontroller programming and understanding of various bus and interface protocols.
Demonstrated ability to debug and test using oscilloscopes and other test tools.
Experience with complex electro-mechanical systems
Strong problem solving skills and ability to learn quickly

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager - Robotics - Waltham, MA 02451
Qualifications
B.S. in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering plus 12-15 years’ experience
Analog, digital, and mixed signal circuit design
Power electronics design experience
RF design experience
PCB and Cable design experience
Strong knowledge and experience in Electrical Engineering
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Flexible, self-started, desire to solve any problem
Demonstrated skill in managing teams of engineers
U.S. citizenship
Desired Qualifications
Prior work in the field of robotics
Knowledge and experience with DOD, SAE, IEEE, and/or IPC standards
Experience with bus protocols such as CAN, SPI, RS232, and I2C
Motor Controller Design Experience
Experience with hazard, failure, risk analyses (i.e. FMEA, FTA, etc.)
C / C++ experience is a plus
Working knowledge of Visual C#
Experience with field testing robotic systems

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager - San Diego, CA 92121
Qualifications Willing to accept experience in alternate occupation in any senior/
supervisory level engineering position dealing with high performance
electronics/electric application technologies with 36 months experience with Master's degree in electrical engineering/electronics field.
Please send your resume to:
hr@santek.us or mail to job location at: 6210 Marindustry Drive, San Diego, CA 92121

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manufacturing Engineering Leader - Evansville, IN
Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Engineering is required and / orA minimum of 10yrs management experience within a heavy manufacturing facility which runs a 24/7 continuous line processExperience managing small and large capital projects with a proven track recordPlant engineering experience and knowledge of operating departmentsSuperior knowledge of mechanical, electrical and civil engineering disciplinesBe able to work collaboratively and effectively with others as part of a teamBe willing to learn, grow, and improve team job skillsStrong interpersonal, written, verbal communication, and active listening skillsMust possess complex problem solving and critical thinking skillsMust have flexible work schedule<i>Behavior skills : </i>Autonomous and self-starterHighly organized, systematic, and preciseAbility to work in group in a multicultural environmentAbility to work effectively with operators, maintenance technicians, other engineers, managersAnalytical understanding and critical thinking are of primary importanceAbility to support 24x7 production operations, including after-hours call in supportThis position is well suited for an experienced engineer willing to experiment in a green field project. This position requires a great autonomy but provide the unique opportunity to shape position from the early beginning of a new plant. The nature of the start-up experience requires an engineer who is adaptable to change, and the ability to thrive in an evolving work environment and culture.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $110,000.00 to $130,000.00 /year

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Hawaii Engineering &amp; Test - Huntsville, AL
Qualifications
Experience Required
7 years’ of Engineering Testing experience
2 years of direct MDA support highly desired
Working knowledge of MDA radars highly desired
Education Requirements
BS in Electrical, Industrial, or other technical degree 2 years working MDA C2BMS or Sensors highly desired
Travel Requirements
Limited travel in the first year
Clearance Requirement
Secret level or higher
 Please Note: U.S. Citizenship is required for most MTSI positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer, Assistant - El Centro, CA 92243
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in electrical, mechanical or chemical engineering; or Associate's degree in pre-engineering and four years of gas turbine or steam generation engineering experience and Engineering-In-Training Certificate is required.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
None

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director, Electrical Engineering - Middletown, RI 02842
Qualifications
Masters degree in Electrical Engineering or related discipline
8 ~ 10 years of experience, with 4+ years managing staff
Experience with digital communications, analog and digital signal processing and RF circuit design for embedded products
Experience in reading and understanding software written in C
Solid understanding of processes required to design cost effective system solutions for consumer electronic products including design validation test planning
Proficient in the use of multimeters, oscilloscopes, and logic analyzers
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; for mentoring and participating in scrum environment
Knowledge of CAD packages is required
Working knowledge of motion control systems is helpful
Must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident (TN visa not accepted)
<i>U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time. KVH Industries is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status or disability. We offer a full suite of benefits to include paid time off, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, flexible spending account, employee stock purchase program, and 401k/Roth.</i>
<i>All persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. KVH also conducts background checks and drug screening after acceptance of an offer.</i>
KVH Industries is a leading manufacturer of solutions that provide global high-speed Internet, television, and voice services via satellite to mobile users at sea and on land. These solutions include the mini-VSAT Broadband network, TracPhone satellite communications systems, and TracVision satellite television systems. KVH is also a premier manufacturer of high performance sensors and integrated inertial systems for defense and commercial guidance and stabilization applications.
KVH is based in Middletown, RI, with research, development, and manufacturing operations in Middletown, RI, and Tinley Park, IL. The company’s global presence includes offices in Belgium, Brazil, Cyprus, Denmark, Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Singapore, and the United Kingdom. #LI-TM1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mgr Industrial Engineering - Franklin, TN
Qualifications
1. Job Knowledge and Skill:

Experience in logistics, warehousing, and industrial engineering. Organizational and accounting skills required. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills.
2. Experience:

Eight or more years of directly related professional level experience.
3. Education:

Bachelor’s degree in engineering; Industrial Engineering preferred.
4. Computer Skills:
Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Project, AutoCAD. Coding capability preferred.
5. Travel Requirements:

Up to 30% required.


Welcome to an open lane of possibility. Drive your career forward and join the company leading the technology and business evolution of the automotive industry by applying today.
<i>All of us at Nissan – regardless of functional area or expertise – share a passion to design, manufacture, and sell high-performance vehicles. It is Nissan’s policy to provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of race, gender, military status, disability, or any other status protected by law. Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States and will be required to provide proof of employment eligibility at the time of hire.
</i>


Franklin Tennessee United States of America

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Jacksonville, FL
Qualifications:Electrical Engineering Degree - Bachelor's5+ years of experience in facility design preferredMust hold a P.E. License. If in another state, must be able to obtain Florida P.E. licenseExperience using AutoCAD and Microsoft office is required.Proven leader with a strong, team-oriented mindsetKey Responsibilities:Performs electrical power distribution and lighting designApplies knowledge of the National Electrical CodeIn responsible charge of design projects and directs team members in performing detailed designReviews and provides quality assurance of design work performed by other engineers and designersCoordinates with other design professionals, vendors and sub-contractorsEnsures projects are completed on time and within budget, while maintaining exceptional qualityUses Specification software to provide specsPerforms submittal reviews for electrical equipmentResponds to Contractor Requests for Information (RFIs)Initiates corrective measures where necessary to improve work environment and proceduresAll qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. This is a prime opportunity to join our exceptional team of professionals.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.00 to $110,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.00 to $110,000.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:Professional Engineer (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Full-time opportunities for students &amp; recent graduates: Technical consulting and client success - United States
Qualifications</h2>
Consultant
One or two years of experience with VB, C/C++/C#, ActiveX, COD/DCOM and/or XML development skills preferred.
A good understanding of business, specifically with Fortune 500 companies and the relationship between business and technology
A passion for technology and working with customers.
Need to be willing to travel due to customer requirements for onsite services
Premier Field Engineer
One or two years of experience with VB, C/C++/C#, ActiveX, COD/DCOM and/or XML development skills preferred.
A good understanding of business, specifically with Fortune 500 companies and the relationship between business and technology.
A passion for technology and working with customers.
Need to be willing to travel due to customer requirements for onsite services
Project Manager
One or two years of experience with VB, C/C++/C#, ActiveX, COD/DCOM and/or XML development skills preferred.
A good understanding of business, specifically with Fortune 500 companies and the relationship between business and technology.
A passion for technology and working with customers.
Need to be willing to travel due to customer requirements for onsite services
Support Engineer
Experience working in a large data center, IT/operations department or helpdesk/customer service is preferred
Excellent communication skills and superior customer-service skills desired.
Professional certifications (SharePoint, Windows, MCITP, etc.) are desired.
One or two years of experience with VB, C/C++/C# and/or XML development skills preferred.
Strong analysis, problem-solving and decision-making skills.
Technical Account Manager
Microsoft Product Certification, MCSE or other technical certifications preferred.
Passion for technology and working with customers.
Confidence to manage executive relationships, both internally and with customers, to create business transformation.
Excellent communication skills and superior customer-service skills desired
Ability to work independently with minimal management supervision and as part of regional/virtual teams
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Carlsbad, CA 92011
QualificationsDeep and abiding passion for making new things,particularly hardware.Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering (Master’s preferred).Hands-on approach to creating products and prototypes.5+ years of experience, including one or more full NPI cycles.Experience working with offshore suppliers and CMs.Working knowledge of the elements described above (Image sensors, MCUs, etc.), with deep experience with at least three of the elements.Job Type: Full-time (eventually), potentially contract or part time (initially).Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Redmond, WA
Qualifications</h2>
Minimum BS/MS in Electrical Engineering.
5+ years experience in Electrical hardware development in consumer electronics.
Must be enthusiastic, self-motivated and a team player.
A solid understanding of core electrical engineering principles, circuit design and analysis is required.
Experience with system level integration of products using SoCs, micro-controllers, Memory, USBC, DisplayPort, MIPI, Sensors, Storage. Deep understanding in at least two key core areas.
Experience with high speed circuit board design and validation.
Experience working with JDM, ODM, CM partners.
Experience with schematic and PCB design using Cadence OrCAD/Allegro or equivalent.
Strong debugging and problem-solving skills is required.
Knowledge of power design and Signal integrity is a plus.
Knowledge on battery driven products is a plus.
Knowledge on Product data management is a plus.
Strong Verbal and written communication skills.
International travel is required.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Avionics &amp; Electrical Engineering Manager - Mesa, AZ 85215
Qualifications
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s Degree (B.S.) in Engineering from four-year College or University and 2-4 years of work-related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience in working on aircraft or aircraft systems
This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employee(s) will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.

This document does not create an employment contracts, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS
None
WORK ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
This position is designated by the employer to be a safety-sensitive position.
Work performed in an office and factory settings.
Exposure to shop environment such as noise, dust, odors and fumes.
Occasionally required to lift up to 20 lbs.
Regularly required to sit, stand, bend, reach and move about facilities.
<i>A review of this position has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of fundamental job duties. All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbent(s) will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities.</i>
<i>MD Helicopters, Inc. is an equal employment employer and is committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Specialist-eMobility - Tualatin, OR
Qualifications</h4>
Basic Qualifications:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical/Electronic Engineering from an accredited institution.
 Minimum of 7 years of experience in product development of electric motor drive systems. Experience gained from grad school programs or above will be counted toward this.
 Experience with CAD tools: schematic capture, circuit and behavioral simulation- for example (SPICE, Simplis, Ansys, Altium, Matlab/Simulink) PCB layout and design

Position Criteria:
 Ability to travel up to 10%

Preferred Qualifications:

 Automotive Industry Experience
 Functional Safety- ISO26262
 Masters Degree
 Experience with model based design methods a plus
 Good understanding of commercial vehicle markets and the environmental requirements and related qualification testing required
 Working knowledge of automotive serial data protocols (CAN, J1939, J1587, J1708, LIN) and tools (CANape, CANalyzer, CANopen, etc.)
 Experience with electric motor drive and control systems, DC, AC, PM, SR, FW motors
 design—power electronics for electric and hybrid electric vehicle systems, switch-mode power supplies, battery charging and management systems, design strategies for EMC, etc.
 Firmware design experience
 Experience with DFSS and DFx practices: Manufacturing, Test, Repair, Quality, etc
We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters.
Job: Engineering

Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico
Organization: VEH EMB eMobility

Job Level: Individual Contributor
Schedule: Full-time
Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: No
Does this position offer relocation?: Relocation from within hiring country only
Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Stamford, CT
Qualifications:The engineer will work with a team of specialists who will be responsible for developing, testing, andsupporting electronics boards or sub-systems. The engineer will define electrical and testrequirements, design circuits and test equipment.* DIGITAL DESIGN: "Design of digital data acquisition system;"VHDL embedded code for FPGA logic;"A/D and or D/A;"Testing Validation and Verification (V&V) of requirements* ANALOG DESIGN: "Low noise analog interface for sensor application; photonics sensors;"Power amplifier design (motors / actuators);"Capacitance gauge, LVDT interface design;"A/D and or D/A;"Testing Validation and Verification (V&V) of requirements"High Voltage ( >1KV)* TEST EQUIPMENT DESIGN: "Development of test equipment and test procedures to test and qualify analog and digital circuitboards or electronics racks;"Implementation of data acquisition hardware / software;"Experienced in LabView;SOFTWARE:Mentor Graphics xDX/xPCB Designer, PSpice, OrCAD, PADs or similar, MATLAB, LabVIEWJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $120,000.00 to $160,000.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 3 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sustaining Electrical Engineer - Tucson, AZ 85741
Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in Electronic Engineering, or similar with 5+ years’ experience
Excellent technical problem solving & multi-tasking skills
Data driven with proven ability to apply scientific and engineering concepts
Self-motivated with the ability to work in a dynamic environment
Good communication, interaction and team-working skills.

Required Experience


Discrete transistor level analog circuit design and analysis experience is mandatory
Product sustaining engineering and component obsolescence management
Use of statistical tools to identify quality and/or cost improvements

Preferred Experience


Software programming
Experience with military requirements of MIL-PRF-38534 and MIL-STD-883
Hands-on experience with laser trims for calibrating electronic circuits



 ----------------------------- 

<title>IOTG Industrial Systems Engineering Intern - Phoenix, AZ 85018
Qualifications

Minimum Requirements:
The candidate must be currently enrolled in a BS program in Chemical, Electrical, Mechanical, Industrial, Bio-medical, Power Electronics, Communication or Electronics, Embedded Systems or other related engineering program.
“This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position.”
<i>Minimum 3+ months of experience in the following:
</i>Smart Manufacturing
Vision Systems
Robotics
AI / ML / DL
Inside this Business Group
Employees of the Internet of Things Solutions Group (IOTG) have an exciting opportunity before them: To grow Intel's leadership position in the rapidly evolving IoT market by delivering the best silicon, software and services that meet a wide range of customer requirements - from Intel® Xeon® to Intel® Quark®. The group, a fresh, dynamic collaboration between Intel's Intelligent Solutions Group and Wind River Systems, utilizes assets from across all of Intel in such areas as industrial automation, retail, automobiles and aerospace. The IOTG team is dedicated to helping Intel drive the next major growth inflection through productivity and new business models that are emerging as a result of IoT.

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Vice President of Engineering - Chandler, AZ 85226
Qualifications & Skills:
BS in Engineering or Engineering Technology
At least 12 years experience in product design/development or new technologies
At least 6 years experience leading new technologies or specialized technologies
-OR-
MS in Engineering
At least 10 years experience in product design/development or new technologies
At least 4 years experience leading new technologies or specialized technologies
At least 5 years experience leading production vehicle programs.
5 years of related project management and related activities.
Demonstrated ability to lead engineering teams of greater than 20 persons.
Demonstrated, exceptional customer care skills.
Relevant experience in Design Verification/Process Validation methodologies.
Experience using Siemens NX design software and Team center PLM in a fast paced, multi-user production environment preferred. Other software based on experience / relevance.
Versed in Stage-Gate Methodologies and how cross functional teams interact for product development initiatives.
Overall, multi-disciplinary knowledge of mechanical, electrical, and structural engineering practices and methods to provide guidance and direction for department activities.
Familiarity with environmental, mechanical, and electrical verification testing methodologies in an automotive environment.
Computer skills: In addition to the requirements above, the candidate must have experience with ERP systems, MS Office, including intermediate to advanced knowledge of Word and Excel, Outlook, and other Office suite tools.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Controls Engineer - Connersville, IN 47331
Qualifications: Minimum 5 years previous experience in a custom automated equipment builder work environment.Preferred 5 years’ minimum experience with Machine Layout, Competent in creating electrical schematics, Project Management, Troubleshooting Robotics, Cell Layout Troubleshooting, Electrical Systems, Controls and various communication platforms.The individual should have leak testing, mass-spec, vision, robotics integration, and small to large systems 10 -800 i/o points.Required PC skills: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.Excellent verbal and communication skills.Ability to utilize team concepts, along with solid organizational and problem solving skillsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Machine Layout: 5 years (Preferred)Controls Engineer: 5 years (Preferred)Programmable Logic Controllers: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Co-Op Engineering – Electrical Engineering or Physics - Woburn, MA 01888
Qualifications
1. Currently enrolled in, or completed degree in related field, such as: Electrical Engineering or Physics. 2. Fundamental understanding of materials testing. 3. Fundamental understanding of statistical analysis. Ability to work effectively in a variety of engineering assignments. 4. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. 5. Ability to work effectively with others and be a participative team member. 6. Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Parker is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Parker is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job related reasons regardless of race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. U.S. Citizenship/Permanent Resident is required for most positions. (“Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/VEVRAA Federal Contractor”) If you would like more information about Equal Employment Opportunity as an applicant under the law, please go to http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_gina_supplement.pdf

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Hawaii Engineering &amp; Test - Huntsville, AL
Qualifications
Experience Required
7 years’ of Engineering Testing experience
2 years of direct MDA support highly desired
Working knowledge of MDA radars highly desired
Education Requirements
BS in Electrical, Industrial, or other technical degree 2 years working MDA C2BMS or Sensors highly desired
Travel Requirements
Limited travel in the first year
Clearance Requirement
Secret level or higher
 Please Note: U.S. Citizenship is required for most MTSI positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Package Characterization Intern - Phoenix, AZ 85008
Qualifications

In order to be considered for an internship, you must be a student currently enrolled in school pursuing an accredited degree program. This position is specifically looking for a Mechanical Engineer or Engineering Technologist. As an intern, a minimum 3rd -year (Junior level) student is most likely expected; if filled in the Spring, this position is expected to be extended into the Summer, and possibly into the next school year.
Minimum Junior level mechanical engineering or engineering technology student
Prefer multidisciplinary interests including (but not limited to)
thermal (heat transfer)
mechanical/structural/fatigue analysis
programming skills in LabVIEW, Matlab
ON Semiconductor (Nasdaq: ON) is driving energy efficient innovations, empowering customers to reduce global energy use. The company is a leading supplier of semiconductor-based solutions, offering a comprehensive portfolio of energy efficient power and signal management, logic, standard and custom devices. The company’s products help engineers solve their unique design challenges in automotive, communications, computing, consumer, industrial, medical and military/aerospace applications. ON Semiconductor operates a responsive, reliable, world-class supply chain and quality program, and a network of manufacturing facilities, sales offices and design centers in key markets throughout North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific regions.






Primary Location: US-AZ-Phoenix
Work Locations: USAZ01 ON HDQTRS US8 5005 E McDowell Rd Phoenix 85008
Job: Intern
Job Posting: Dec 16, 2018, 9:57:05 PM

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer, Assistant - El Centro, CA 92243
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in electrical, mechanical or chemical engineering; or Associate's degree in pre-engineering and four years of gas turbine or steam generation engineering experience and Engineering-In-Training Certificate is required.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
None

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Princeton, NJ
Qualifications:
BS in Electrical Engineering with minimum 5+ years’ experience in the design of electrical hardware. Experience can be substituted for the degree.
Familiar with IPC standards
Has worked on boards that have gone into production
High speed differential routing
Matched length high speed memory bus routing such as DDR
Experience routing 10+ layer boards
Blind/buried/laser and stacked micro via experience a plus
Any layer HDI experience a plus
Flex and Flex rigid experience a plus


If you are interested please apply below or submit your resume to one of our recruiters at recruitment@banc3.com
Please reference the position title in the subject line of your submission.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mgr Industrial Engineering - Franklin, TN
Qualifications
1. Job Knowledge and Skill:

Experience in logistics, warehousing, and industrial engineering. Organizational and accounting skills required. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills.
2. Experience:

Eight or more years of directly related professional level experience.
3. Education:

Bachelor’s degree in engineering; Industrial Engineering preferred.
4. Computer Skills:
Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Project, AutoCAD. Coding capability preferred.
5. Travel Requirements:

Up to 30% required.


Welcome to an open lane of possibility. Drive your career forward and join the company leading the technology and business evolution of the automotive industry by applying today.
<i>All of us at Nissan – regardless of functional area or expertise – share a passion to design, manufacture, and sell high-performance vehicles. It is Nissan’s policy to provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of race, gender, military status, disability, or any other status protected by law. Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States and will be required to provide proof of employment eligibility at the time of hire.
</i>


Franklin Tennessee United States of America

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manufacturing Engineer, Electrical and Mechanical - Alameda, CA
Qualifications: Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering degree or equivalentMinimum 7 years of relevant experience in an electromechanical environment.Must have direct factory and manufacturing experience.Experience working in a fast-paced start-up like environment with limited structureSomeone who has worn multiple hats in an NPI focused roleExperience working with contract manufacturing partnersExcellent communication and teamwork skills. We are looking for an individual with a high sense of community sharing of information.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $100,000.00 to $150,000.00 /yearExperience:Manufacturing Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager - Robotics - Waltham, MA 02451
Qualifications
B.S. in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering plus 12-15 years’ experience
Analog, digital, and mixed signal circuit design
Power electronics design experience
RF design experience
PCB and Cable design experience
Strong knowledge and experience in Electrical Engineering
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Flexible, self-started, desire to solve any problem
Demonstrated skill in managing teams of engineers
U.S. citizenship
Desired Qualifications
Prior work in the field of robotics
Knowledge and experience with DOD, SAE, IEEE, and/or IPC standards
Experience with bus protocols such as CAN, SPI, RS232, and I2C
Motor Controller Design Experience
Experience with hazard, failure, risk analyses (i.e. FMEA, FTA, etc.)
C / C++ experience is a plus
Working knowledge of Visual C#
Experience with field testing robotic systems

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Superintendent - Gooding, ID
Qualifications
Working Knowledge of dairy processing equipment and plant facilities.
Physical ability to perform assigned jobs.
Ability to supervise and communicate effectively with others in a team environment.
Self-motivated, willing to accept responsibility, and ability to make good business decisions.
Ability to read and interpret instruction manuals.
Requires skills in troubleshooting, maintenance and repair of all plant equipment.
Works well under pressure and adhere to company and regulatory requirements.
Knowledge of OSHA safety requirements.
Ability to operate necessary equipment.
Excellent record required in safety, attendance and punctuality.
Ability to stand and walk the entire shift if needed.
Ability to read and write instructions in English.
Knowledge of the proper use of all cleaning chemicals.
Must be able to work weekend, and overtime as required.
Idaho State Electrical Journeyman.

Typical Physical Activity


Physical Demands
The demands descried represent those that must be met by an employee and the work environment characteristics are those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Physical Requirements
Frequent use of Hands to conduct tasks.
Occasionally walk, lift, and/or move 26-60 lbs.
Rarely stand, sit, talk or hear, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, and reach with hands and arms.
Specific vision requirements for this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision (Ability to identify and distinguish colors), peripheral vision, depth perception, dimensional vision, and ability to adjust focus.

Typical Environmental Conditions
May be exposed to moderate to high noise levels (i.e. production equipment, forklifts, heavy traffic).
May be exposed to humidity, intense heat and cold, outdoor weather conditions, and fumes and toxic chemicals.
May work in areas with mechanical moving parts, above ground with risk of fall, or areas with risk of electrical shock.

Disclaimer
Must perform the essential duties and responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodation efficiently and accurately without causing significant safety threat to self or others. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and/or skills required of all personnel so classified.
Are you someone who likes to make it happen, make it better and make it fun? If so, our company offers you an excellent opportunity to do really interesting work and develop a career in a dynamic and innovative environment that is all about making you and our business successful.

Nearest Major Market: Twin Falls

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Georgia
Qualifications:

All candidates should have a Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineering. Qualified candidates must have a PE and LEED AP with a minimum of 7-10 years’ design experience, related to MEP/Building Systems preferred. Lighting, power distribution and telecommunications design experience is required. This opportunity is ideal for electrical engineers who wish to grow their career with a firm dedicated to individual professional growth in an environment centered on team participation. Proficiency in AutoCAD required, Revit / BIM required. Considerations must have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English; and be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship. RCDD certification and experience with SKM software is a plus.


Other Job Information (if applicable):

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Intern - Summer 2019 - San Bruno, CA 94066
Qualifications
ABOUT YOU

A visionary engineer or technologist with a passion for learning new technologies, programming wizardry, and translating them into working software.Experience with software design, development and automated testingFamiliar with agile or other rapid application development metExperience with design, editing, and programming across one or more platforms and languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Perl, Python, R, Ruby, Shell Scripting, CSS, HTML, HTML5), data structure fundamentals and relational databases, Big Data, Cloud Computing, (Hadoop/HBase/MapReduce), Linux system and networksDemonstrated experience with object-oriented design and coding with variety of languagesUnderstanding of XML, JSON , Web Services technologies, and, with experience in multi-threaded programming a plusAndroid, iOS, or Windows Phone development experience is strongly preferred, but not requiredPassionate about user experienceAn awesome programmer with high levels of creativity and quick solving capabilities to change the world in a huge way!
EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field.Graduating between December 2019 and July 2020
Additional Preferred Qualifications
None at this time.
Company Summary
The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission.
Position Summary
ABOUT SYSTEMS ENGINEERING INTERNS

The teams within @WalmartLabs design, prototype and build technology-fueled products that bridge the gap between what's next and what's best. System Engineer Interns works on projects that involve system design and implementation of large-scale e-commerce infrastructure. The interns work on teams that design and make recommendations to software and hardware projects and participate in technical reviews. The projects could involve developing scripts for systems monitoring and maintenance, performance analysis and tuning of the database and application systems, or working with business and Project Managers to define and implement new system functionality. Our interns work with very small team to create new, awesome features for millions of users.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Prototyping and Software Engineering Grad Intern - Scott AFB, IL
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
Currently pursuing an graduate degree in a technical discipline (including but not limited to Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Software Engineering, etc.)
Completed undergraduate degree in a technical discipline (including but not limited to Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Software Engineering, etc.).
Maintained academic excellence including GPA of 3.0 or higher.
Ability to collaborate and work effectively as a member of a team.
Ability to communicate technical subjects to a variety of audiences.
U.S. citizen able to obtain a clearance.
Preferred Qualifications:
Academic experience in one or more of the following areas: systems engineering, computer engineering, computer science, data analytics, semantic processing, simulation, modeling, or optimization
Experience with one or more programming language (e.g. Python, C#, R, Java, etc.)
Experience with one or more virtualization technologies (e.g. VirtualBox, VMware, Docker, Amazon EC2, Azure, etc.)
Knowledge of a software development lifecycle, Agile methodologies and principles, and automated testing (e.g. DevOps, Scrum, Kanban)
Primary Location: United States-Illinois-Shiloh
Work Locations: Scott AFB, IL 62221
Job: SW Eng, Comp Sci & Mathematics
This requisition requires a clearance of: Secret
Travel: No
Job Posting: Dec 18, 2018, 2:19:31 PM

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (BSEE) / Engineering Tech (BSEET or EET) - Muskegon, MI
Qualifications, Knowledge and Skills

Expected qualifications are either a BSEE level or highly skilled EET level. This position includes college graduates with no field work experience and applicants with up to 10 years of related experience.
Working knowledge of Microsoft office products including Word, Excel, Project, and Outlook.
Ability to communicate clearly with customers, supervisors, and peers.
Leadership, problem solving, logic progression, math, budgeting, attention to detail, and marketing skill are highly sought after traits of the applicant.
Competitive salary and benefit package.

Please send a cover letter and your resume to careers@newkirk-electric.com.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Electrical Engineer - Fremont, CA
Qualifications: Baccalaureate degree in Electrical engineering or a related discipline is required.1+ years experience evaluating electrical failures in a commercial or industrial setting preferred.Power systems experience (generators, transformers, high voltage switchgear, etc.) and/or utility a plus.Engineer In-Training (EIT) license required.Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering ReLaunch Program: Electrical Engineer - Davidson, NC 28035
Qualifications
Minimum 5 years of Electrical Engineering experience
BS in Electrical engineering or related field
Break in engineering career for 2 or more years
Desire to grow an engineering career
Self-starter with the ability to work on and complete a project with moderate direction and guidance


We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations.

If you share our passion for inspiring progress—for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate—then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.

Primary Location: North America-United States-North Carolina
Work Locations: Davidson NC 800E Beaty St 800-E Beaty Street Box 940 DAVIDSON 28036
Job: Engineering
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Employee Status: Temporary
Job Type: Experienced
Job Posting: Oct 9, 2018, 2:07:07 PM

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Avionics &amp; Electrical Engineering Manager - Mesa, AZ 85215
Qualifications
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s Degree (B.S.) in Engineering from four-year College or University and 2-4 years of work-related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience in working on aircraft or aircraft systems
This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employee(s) will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.

This document does not create an employment contracts, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS
None
WORK ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
This position is designated by the employer to be a safety-sensitive position.
Work performed in an office and factory settings.
Exposure to shop environment such as noise, dust, odors and fumes.
Occasionally required to lift up to 20 lbs.
Regularly required to sit, stand, bend, reach and move about facilities.
<i>A review of this position has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of fundamental job duties. All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbent(s) will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities.</i>
<i>MD Helicopters, Inc. is an equal employment employer and is committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer I - El Centro, CA 92243
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in electrical, mechanical, or chemical engineering or related to assigned area and four years' of professional engineering experience with a power utility.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
Engineer-In-Training Certificate (EIT) is required.
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
None

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - San Francisco, CA
Qualifications


BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering
3 to 8 years of relevant experience in product development (commercial or consumer)
Solid fundamentals in digital and analog circuit and system design
Experience with battery-powered devices and wireless is preferred
Strong schematic capture and system debug experience



 ----------------------------- 

<title>Acoustic Tuning Engineers - Irvine, CA
QualificationsB.S. degree in acoustic, mechanical, or electrical engineering.5+ years of experience with loudspeaker design and tuning.Excellent communication skills.Self-motivated, strong problem solving and analytic skill.GGEC’s R&D center in Irvine, California, is looking for talented and self-driven engineers to join GGEC’s Institute for Advanced Research, newly established to research, develop, and implement advanced audio/speech processing algorithms, software, and hardware.GGEC (www.ggec.com) is a global leader in the development, design, and manufacturing of audio products for all major international audio brands. Headquartered in Guangzhou, China, GGEC is listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, has subsidiaries in the US, EU, Japan, and Hong Kong, and employs thousands worldwide.GGEC is an equal opportunity employer. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need.Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.00 to $140,000.00 /yearExperience:loudspeaker design and tuning: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Irvine, CA (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Substation &amp; Metering Superin... - College Station, TX
Qualifications: Required:

Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering (or related field), and five (5) years of progressively responsible experience in electric utility power system operations including two (2) years of related supervisory experience; or, an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties of the job. Knowledge of electrical distribution and transmission operations. Knowledge of the methods, materials, equipment, and practices used in the electrical utilities maintenance, construction, and administration pertaining to substation, protection and controls, and metering. Knowledge of electrical engineering as applied to electrical substations, protection and controls, and distribution and transmission metering. Demonstrated proficiency in oral and written communication. Must maintain a residence within a 40 minute response time of the Utility Service Center within 6 months of accepting position.

Preferred:

Knowledge and/or experience with SCADA systems.
 Supplemental Information: Hiring Range shown above. Full Salary Range: $91,414.00 - $131,439.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Princeton, NJ
Qualifications:
BS in Electrical Engineering with minimum 5+ years’ experience in the design of electrical hardware. Experience can be substituted for the degree.
Familiar with IPC standards
Has worked on boards that have gone into production
High speed differential routing
Matched length high speed memory bus routing such as DDR
Experience routing 10+ layer boards
Blind/buried/laser and stacked micro via experience a plus
Any layer HDI experience a plus
Flex and Flex rigid experience a plus


If you are interested please apply below or submit your resume to one of our recruiters at recruitment@banc3.com
Please reference the position title in the subject line of your submission.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>C# Software Engineer - Rochester, NY 14624
Qualifications:

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Software Engineering along with 6+ years of directly related experience to include the following items:
6+ years of C#
6+ years of Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOA/OOD)
6+ years of multi-threaded design/programming
6+ years of strong debugging/trouble shooting
Preferred Additional Skills:
Tactical Radio Communications waveforms and equipment
Automated test development experience
Experience with .net 4.7+ framework
Experience with basic IP programming
Java
CMMI and standard software development processes
XML
Continuous integration systemsC++
software build system & deployment automation (Go CD)
version control (SVN)/configuration management
Linux experience
OS scripting
<i>Please be aware that many of our positions require a security clearance, or the ability to obtain one. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
</i><i>By submitting your résumé for this position, you understand and agree that Harris Corporation may share your résumé, as well as any other related personal information or documentation you provide, with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purpose of considering you for other available positions.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Pittsburgh, PA
Qualifications:Bachelor’s in Electrical Engineering from an accredited institution.Minimum of 10 years of power distribution experience in an industrial environment utilizing and interpreting power modeling software.Minimum of 5 years’ project management experience.This position is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) which requires U.S. person status. ITAR defines U.S. person as an U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), Political Asylee, or Refugee.Visa sponsorship (now or in the future) is not available for this position.Preferred Qualifications:12 to 15 years’ experience with proven track record in leading and executing power distribution projects in a plant or industrial environmentElectrical PE License preferredDemonstrated knowledge of project management, FEL, or PMP certifiedAdept at devising scope, specification and technical designsProficient with ETAP or equivalent power modeling softwareProficient with project management software i.e. Microsoft Project, Daptiv or equivalentExtensive knowledge and experience with NEC and NFPA standards pertaining to low and high voltageTechnical expertise in switch gear, PDP, MCC's, transfer switches, switch yards, generator sets, UPS, transformers, power control systemsJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $95,000.00 to $110,000.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 7 years (Required)Project Management: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:PE (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager - Canton, OH
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering (Master’s preferred)
Professional Engineering License preferred
10+ years of engineering experience including leading a team of engineers
Knowledge of medium and low voltage power distribution equipment and associated controls/data acquisition systems
Knowledge of ANSI, IEEE, NEC and other industry applicable standards and codes
Knowledge of DC traction power equipment preferred
Knowledge of power system analysis and associated calculations
Familiarity with power system components and their application/specification
Excellent organization, supervisory, managerial and leadership skills to manage a team of engineers and technical staff
Demonstrated commitment to ISO policies, safety regulations, and continuous improvement
CAD and/or other software design tools
Ability to gather, analyze and summarize data in order to draw rational, fact-based conclusions

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Electrical Engineer - Fremont, CA
Qualifications: Baccalaureate degree in Electrical engineering or a related discipline is required.1+ years experience evaluating electrical failures in a commercial or industrial setting preferred.Power systems experience (generators, transformers, high voltage switchgear, etc.) and/or utility a plus.Engineer In-Training (EIT) license required.Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Power Subsystem Engineer 1 - Redondo Beach, CA 90278
Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science degreein Electrical Engineering and/ortechnical degree inSTEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics)discipline from an accredited university with1 year of engineering experience.
Abilityto obtain and maintain SSBI clearance.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with spacecraft or aerospace power subsystem design and application.
Understanding ofpower converters and power quality analysis.
Familiarity with solar array and battery design and application.
Working knowledge of energy balance analysis and concepts.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineers - San Antonio, TX
Qualifications:
BSEE and Texas P.E. License are required. Minimum 5 years experience in the design of power distribution, lighting and special systems for commercial, industrial, institutional and/or health care projects. Candidate must possess good communication, people, and administrative skills. Candidate will be expected to interact positively with clients, engineers and support staff.

Description:
Candidates will report to the San Antonio office and be responsible for the design and/or project management and construction administration of various challenging electrical engineering projects.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Verification and Test Engineer - Littleton, CO 80125
Qualifications:
B.S in Electrical Engineering or related degree with experience in the following:System Engineering and / or Test / Verification EngineeringBasic hands-on hardware and software troubleshooting experience
Desired Skills:
Integrated Hardware and Software Verification and Test experience at a subsystem or system level.Experience with spaceflight a plusLockheed Martin Test Engineering ExperienceCertified Test Conductor TrainingCapable of updating / revising technical documentationExcellent communication skills, at a technical and non-technical level
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Design Engineer Intern - Chicago, IL 60610
Qualifications:
Working towards Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (BSEE) or equivalent
Familiarity with use of electronic test instrumentation such as oscilloscopes, multimeters and logic analyzers
Excellent verbal and written English communication skills
Proficiency in electrical design software from circuit to PCB (Altium Designer preferred)
Proficiency for soldering surface-mount and through-hole components on prototype designs
Complimentary software skills in embedded systems development in a Linux/GCC based environment and/or Python software development a plus




Online Application:
Register for this job online

SRAM, LLC is one of the world's largest suppliers of components to the bike industry. Established in Chicago in 1987, SRAM continues to promote cycling through its products, its advocacy, and its employees who are dedicated to improving the cycling experience. Today, SRAM employs more than 3,600+ employees, 15+ locations and 15+ countries. SRAM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer 1 - Power Delivery - Houston, TX
Qualifications:
No experience required. Requires a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from either a recognized accredited program in their home country or the country in which the professional is practicing. All applicants must be able to complete pre-employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Preferred Job Qualifications:
Preferred Non-Technical Competencies: • Learning on the Fly • Problem Solving • Intellectual Horsepower • Written Communications • Drive For Results • Decision Quality • Informing • Listening • Dealing with Ambiguity Preferred Technical Competencies: • Basic knowledge of engineering design principles and applicable design guides and standards related to assigned engineering discipline • Basic industry knowledge and technology trends • Basic knowledge of company quality program • Basic knowledge of construction & constructability practices & principles

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Los Angeles, CA 90001
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering with 1-3 years of experience
1-3 years of experience with regulations, standards, codes, methods, practices and advanced engineering principles necessary to perform complex or unique process assessments
1-3 years of experience working in an electrical utility distribution service function
Desired skills in any of the following:
Relevant experience developing and conducting distribution system capital project scoping activities such as developing infrastructure replacement projects, developing overhead and underground conductor replacement projects, grid modernization capital projects, reliability improvement projects, and distribution automation capital projects.
Relevant experience performing distribution system impact studies (Impacts and mitigations for the distribution system) for Utilities due to generation interconnections and distributed energy resources.
Relevant experience performing implementation of, deployment and maintenance of volt/var optimization systems and/or distribution automation devices and distribution automation schemes.
Relevant experience determining impacts to distribution system planning due to DER integration, capital project deferral due to customer generation, public offerings for energy efficiency or demand response, etc
Relevant work experience with California Investor Owned Utilities (IOU).
Relevant experience with SCE, specifically within Transmission & Distribution.
Power Systems Engineering Experience
Experience with Microsoft Access, SharePoint, or Visio
Preferred experience generating reports using SAP
Confirmed experience extracting data from operation systems and databases for production analysis purposes
Previous experience with programming with Python, VBA, R, or SQL
Former experience with AutoCAD, PSPICE, LTSPICE, or Matlab
Have experience using MS Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Have strong oral, and written interpersonal skills
Shown ability to interface effectively and collaborate with peers, clients, management, and other organizations
Validated history of a self-starter, critical thinker, and problem solver
Ability to follow safety protocols and safe work practices
PREFERRED METHOD OF APPLICATION IS THROUGH OUR ONLINE JOB SYSTEM. If you need accommodation or alternate method of resume submittal, please contact Cindy Wilson at (803) 642-5990.
E2 Consulting Engineers is an Equal Opportunity Employer, F/M/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry-Level IC Layout/Verification Engineer - AMTS - Chelmsford, MA
Qualifications
BS in Electrical Engineering or MS in Electrical Engineer
Understanding of IC layout, semiconductor device mask layers and device formation
Knowledge and experience on analog and digital circuits, simulations and verification
Knowledge with industrial standard design tools like Cadence Virtuoso, Mentor Graphics Calibre
Knowledge and experience of computer programming
Experience on using Linux workstation
Strong analytical and problem solving skills, attention to details
Ability to self-manage and meet deadlines
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work in teams and collaborate cross functionally<i>
Maxim is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.</i>

Percentage of Travel 0% - 10%

Relocation Assistance Available Yes

Visa Sponsorship Available Yes

Removal Date 02/25/2019

APPLY TO JOB

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Systems Integration Engineer Intern - Burr Ridge, IL 60527
Qualifications

The qualified candidate will have experience with the following:

Candidates must be pursuing a degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science Engineering, Agriculture Engineering, Control Engineering, or related degree area
Knowledge of electrical designs, mechatronic control systems, model based software development and precision farming applications


The preferred candidate will have experience with the following:

MatLab

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Anchorage, AK
Qualifications

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

General Requirements:

Must be a self-motivated team player with the ability to prioritize work.

Must be able to pursue business objectives with energy, drive and initiative. Must be able to work effectively with a minimum of supervision or support. Must be able to balance multiple activities while still paying a great deal of attention to detail.

Must be able to understand how basic business work processes interact. Must be dedicated to understanding and exceeding the expectations and needs of clients. Must be able to build positive relationships with clients and others.

Monitors compliance with client criteria as well as all state and national codes and regulations. Ensures that all assigned activities and operations comply with applicable regulations and laws.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from an accredited institution required.

Minimum one (1) year experience working as an Electrical Engineer in the Oil & Gas industry.

Advanced skillset with AutoCAD and Microsoft Excel required.

Previous Telecom experience is preferred.

Language Skills:

Ability to read, analyze and interpret common scientific and technical journals. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to management and client.

Mathematical Skills:

Comprehend and apply principles of calculus, modern algebra and statistical theory. Ability to work with concepts such as limits, rings, quadratic and differential equations and proofs and theorems. Ability to apply mathematical operations to work projects.

Reasoning Ability:

Apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Ability to deal with non-verbal symbols (formulas, scientific equations, graphs, etc.) in the most difficult phases. Ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.

Computer Skills:

Possess a working knowledge of Microsoft Word, word processing software; Excel spreadsheet software; Outlook e-mail software; and any other discipline-specific design or analysis software, as required.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

This job may not have supervisory responsibilities, although senior level Engineers may provide supervision, provide direction to other assigned employees and supervise functional work teams.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee must be able to travel and work in a remote location overnight or longer, including the north slope of Alaska. The employee is occasionally exposed to work near mechanical parts; work in high, precarious places; toxic or caustic chemicals and adverse outdoor weather conditions. The employee is expected to abide by all required safety regulations, behaviors and conditions, as required at the local or remote work locations. The noise level in the work environment is usually low.

FLSA Status: Exempt

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, use hands to finger, handle or feel, talk and hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required include close vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus. The employee is occasionally exposed to severe outside weather conditions and perhaps the risk of electrical shock. The noise level is usually quiet.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

NANA Shareholder Preference

Job: Engineering/Design
Primary Location: US-AK-Anchorage
Shift: Day Job
Organization: Engineering
Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External: Jan 5, 2019, 2:59:00 AM

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Assistant Electrical Engineer - Substation - Morristown, NJ
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from accredited program. Minimum 2 years related experience (completion of master's degree in related field may be substituted for one year of experience). Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. This position requires an experienced and competent individual capable of successfully solving difficult problems that require adaptation and modification of standard techniques, procedures and criteria. Must be capable of devising new approaches to problems encountered. Completion of FE exam preferred.
EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Job Electrical Engineering
Primary Location US-NJ-Morristown
Schedule: Full-time
About Burns & McDonnell
Burns & McDonnell is making the world a more amazing place with more than 5,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, scientists and consultants on staff and growing. We strive to create amazing success for our clients and amazing careers for our employee-owners. We take on some of the world’s toughest challenges with the industry’s best thinking.
We have offices and projects spanning the US and the globe. We are proud to rank among FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our culture of 100% employee ownership plays a major role in supporting that outcome. Each employee shares in the ownership of the firm, bringing the commitment of an owner to our projects. Clients appreciate that and have rewarded us with a 90% repeat business rate and decades-long partnerships. Pretty cool for a 100 year old firm that grows organically.
At Burns & McDonnell, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference every day while fulfilling your personal and professional ambitions. Our entrepreneurial culture lets you guide your destiny and shape the path your career travels. And with more than 350 service specialties, your career and development options are abundant.
Burns & McDonnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Req ID: 182200
LIBH

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Ridgefield, CT 06877
Qualifications/Requirements:

Minimum of two years professional experience in the design of commercial, industrial, institutional, and hospitality electrical systems.
In-depth knowledge of general building Construction and Electrical codes
BSEE, Professional Engineering License (preferred), EIT required.
High proficiency in AutoCAD, experience with Revit MEP
Be a good communicator.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.


We offer a top salary and an excellent benefits package (Healthcare, 401k, bonus, paid vacation, and profit sharing).
Salary based on experience.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer II - Solar Group - United States
Qualifications
</h2><h2 class="jobSectionHeader">How do you succeed?</h2>
Demonstrate strong teamwork orientation, initiative, communication, problem-solving, and leadership skills
Detail orientation sufficient to organize and run multiple project tasks
Possess basic understanding of construction law, generally accepted business practices, construction techniques, and project management practices
Microsoft Office, project, and pertinent web application skills at an intermediate level
Positive professional attitude, and strong customer service skills
Interpret and communicate Mortenson policies effectively
Open to change based on diverse input and feedback
Effectively work with those of diverse backgrounds and organizational levels
Strong cross-cultural relationship building and influencing at all organizational levels
Consistent record of including diverse team members when assigning challenging and high-profile tasks
Working knowledge of NEC code and NE safety code a plus
Current driver’s license<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Education:</h2>
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering
Minimum three years in electrical construction management or electrical design
Solar utility experience preferred
This is a traveling field position
Mortenson is an EOE/Affirmative Action/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled employer.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Options</h2>
Apply for this job onlineApply
Share
Refer this job to a friendRefer
Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>New College Graduate IC Layout Engineer (FY19) - Colorado Springs, CO
Qualifications:
BS Degree in Electrical Engineering or Physics required

Understanding of the fundamentals of analog and digital circuit design

Understanding of basic transmission line theory

Linux/Unix basic proficiency

Previous IC layout experience with Cadence desired, but not required

Passion and dedication to take ownership of a project from start to finish

Diligence to work independently

Commitment to collaboration and sharing knowledge with colleagues

For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.

Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law

Education Level : Bachelor's Degree
Travel Required : No

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Power Engineer (HGAS) - Luling, LA
Qualifications:

Electrical Power Engineer Requirements:

Electrical Power Engineer should possess both power design and field commissioning experience of 20 years or more along with PE license in state of Louisiana.
Electrical Power Engineer (BSEE or MSEE) with a strong background in electrical power system study for short circuit, coordination, load analysis, ARC flash, strong experience in field commissioning of power distribution system and troubleshooting, and good familiarity in NEC, NFPA 70E, NETA standards.
Familiarity or past experience with Switzer protective relay system a big plus.
In addition, candidate’s familiarity in electrical heat tracing system and Emerson DeltaV system is a plus.
Electrical Power Engineer must be able to work with diverse group of project team comprised of operating plant representatives, project execution team, EPCM contractor, EPCM’s subcontractors, various vendors supporting commissioning.
careers@hga-llc.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Engineer - Electrical - Houston, TX 77041
Qualifications
</h2>Excellent ability to communicate and interact with other disciplines.
Proficient project coordination and management skills.
Ability to read and interpret company policies, regulatory guidelines, and other work-related documentation.
Ability to abide by confidentiality requirements when working with sensitive information, results, and communications.
Skilled in providing thorough, efficient, and effective customer service to individuals at all levels within the organization.
Ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal methods.
Ability to accomplish work within required timelines, including short, long, and emergency timeframes.
Ability to cross-train in other department duties to ensure efficient coverage of department responsibilities.
Ability to work with others to accomplish challenging assignments.
Ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple assignments to ensure completion of tasks within stated time requirements.
Basic skills using Microsoft Office programs (i.e., Word and Excel).
Bachelors of Science degree or higher degree in Electrical Engineering required.
Minimum of 10 years of experience in refinery/chemical/petrochemical facility engineering and engineering project execution.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Data Scientist, Engineering - New York, NY 10011
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:

MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Preferred qualifications:

PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.
4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.
Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.
Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
About the job

As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Responsibilities

Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.
Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.
Location



New York, NY, USA

At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@google.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Engineer (Electrical) - Griffith, IN 46319
Qualifications</h3>
Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering is a must
A minimum of two (2) years of experience as an Electrical Engineer is preferred
A minimum of two (2) years of experience concentrated in heavy industrial facilities is preferred
Strong communication skills
Organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks concurrently
Ability to travel to client sites locally and out of town and willing to take on-site assignments
Ability to develop and maintain project schedules
Ability to plan, schedule, oversee design quality, and execute projects under the guidance of a Project Manager
Ability to maintain good business relationships with key client contacts throughout the project
P.E. License a plus

Valdes Engineering Company is looking for bright and talented people that want to take their career to the next level. We offer many rewarding career paths to challenge and engage our employees at all phases of their careers. Our office provides a team environment, and excellent working conditions, which allow individuals to maximize their potential. Valdes Engineering offers an outstanding benefits package including Medical, Dental, 401K plan, Company paid Long Term and Short Term Disability Insurance, and Company paid Life and AD&D Insurance and tuition reimbursement.
EEO/AAE

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Superintendent - Gooding, ID
Qualifications
Working Knowledge of dairy processing equipment and plant facilities.
Physical ability to perform assigned jobs.
Ability to supervise and communicate effectively with others in a team environment.
Self-motivated, willing to accept responsibility, and ability to make good business decisions.
Ability to read and interpret instruction manuals.
Requires skills in troubleshooting, maintenance and repair of all plant equipment.
Works well under pressure and adhere to company and regulatory requirements.
Knowledge of OSHA safety requirements.
Ability to operate necessary equipment.
Excellent record required in safety, attendance and punctuality.
Ability to stand and walk the entire shift if needed.
Ability to read and write instructions in English.
Knowledge of the proper use of all cleaning chemicals.
Must be able to work weekend, and overtime as required.
Idaho State Electrical Journeyman.

Typical Physical Activity


Physical Demands
The demands descried represent those that must be met by an employee and the work environment characteristics are those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Physical Requirements
Frequent use of Hands to conduct tasks.
Occasionally walk, lift, and/or move 26-60 lbs.
Rarely stand, sit, talk or hear, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, and reach with hands and arms.
Specific vision requirements for this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision (Ability to identify and distinguish colors), peripheral vision, depth perception, dimensional vision, and ability to adjust focus.

Typical Environmental Conditions
May be exposed to moderate to high noise levels (i.e. production equipment, forklifts, heavy traffic).
May be exposed to humidity, intense heat and cold, outdoor weather conditions, and fumes and toxic chemicals.
May work in areas with mechanical moving parts, above ground with risk of fall, or areas with risk of electrical shock.

Disclaimer
Must perform the essential duties and responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodation efficiently and accurately without causing significant safety threat to self or others. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and/or skills required of all personnel so classified.
Are you someone who likes to make it happen, make it better and make it fun? If so, our company offers you an excellent opportunity to do really interesting work and develop a career in a dynamic and innovative environment that is all about making you and our business successful.

Nearest Major Market: Twin Falls

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer II - Astoria, NY 11105
Qualifications to sit for Part I and/or Part II of the PE exam preferred.
Experience with NYPA policies and business practices preferred.



Physical Requirements

Approximately 25% travel, primarily within NY State
Willingness to enter confined spaces and climb/scale power system apparatuses is required.



Hiring Manager: John Mustaro
Department: XPower Generation
Grade Level: 08X

Salary Range
Min: $91,780.00
Mid: $114,720.00
Max: $137,660.00

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Fountain Valley, CA 92708
Qualifications: Must be authorized to work in the U.S.Minimum BSEE or related degree from an accredited UniversityMinimum 5 years full-time engineering experiencePlease include the following information when replying to this ad:A current resumeSalary requirementsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Location:Fountain Valley, CA (Preferred)Language:English (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Georgia
Qualifications:

All candidates should have a Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineering. Qualified candidates must have a PE and LEED AP with a minimum of 7-10 years’ design experience, related to MEP/Building Systems preferred. Lighting, power distribution and telecommunications design experience is required. This opportunity is ideal for electrical engineers who wish to grow their career with a firm dedicated to individual professional growth in an environment centered on team participation. Proficiency in AutoCAD required, Revit / BIM required. Considerations must have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English; and be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship. RCDD certification and experience with SKM software is a plus.


Other Job Information (if applicable):

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical-Software Engineering Trainee - Cambridge, MA
Qualifications
</h2>Education: BS or BS expected in Electrical, Software, Biomedical Engineering, or equivalentExperience Required: Good understanding of electrical and software, design, and testing of devicesRequired skills in basic analysis tools like Matlab and ExcelProgramming skills (C, C++, Python)Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to communicate clearly to others in different functions, at various levels
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Company Overview
</h2>About our Company - Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean markets. With approximately $36 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc. (NYSE:CAJ), ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2017† and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2018. Canon U.S.A. is committed to the highest level of customer satisfaction and loyalty, providing 100 percent U.S.-based service and support for all of the products it distributes in the United States. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. In 2014, the Canon Americas Headquarters secured LEED® Gold certification, a recognition for the design, construction, operations and maintenance of high-performance green buildings. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. For media inquiries, please contact pr@cusa.canon.com.

† Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office. .
All referenced product names, and other marks, are trademarks of their respective owners. .

We are an EEO/AA employer. Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.

If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers’ site https://www.usa.canon.com/internet/portal/us/home/about/careers, we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at https://www.usa.canon.com/internet/portal/us/home/about/careers.

#CUSA
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Posting Tags
</h2>#LI-AV1 #CUSA #CBAV #NEXXT

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Electrical Engineer - Hill AFB, UT
Qualifications
Education/Training (both required and desired):
Bachelors Degree in relevant engineering or science discipline required
Experience:
0+ years of professional experience in the required task area
Security:
Must be a US citizen
Ability to obtain a security clearance may be required

Expertise and Functions
Perform entry-level technical analysis associated with the assigned task area for problems with specific objectives and requiring investigation of a limited number of variables
Some exercise of judgment is required on task details and in making recommendations on technical alternatives, component design or selection, and/or adaptation to meet assigned requirements
Perform duties under supervision of senior engineer(s)
Languages and technologies: (required and/or desired)
UNIX/LINUX
Windows
C++
C#
.COM
.NET
ADA Basic
Experience in working with Visual Studio 2010+ or similar IDE
Experience and/or knowledge of software engineering concepts
Experience and/or knowledge of the software development life cycle
Web applications development and/or sustainment
Knowledge of database concepts, code performance analysis
Other duties as assigned

KIHOMAC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
XJ6

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Listing and Testing Engineer - San Antonio, TX 78219
Qualifications
Required Education and Experience:
2 - 4+ years’ experience with internal design validation and performance testing
Thermal, Environmental, Photometric
2 - 4+ years’ experience with internal or external regulatory testing
Detailed knowledge of the UL, CSA, NOM, and IEC standards related to lighting and the NEC
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical, Electronics, Mechanical, Electromechanical, or other technical/analytical field (or substantial offsetting experience)
Previous experience in testing and listing lighting in the US as well as other global markets.
Broad knowledge in light sources and LED Technologies, including LED and high-brightness (HB) LED packages, power drivers and supplies
Detailed knowledge of electrical circuits and thermal management
What’s in It for You:
The chance to work on meaningful projects that drive company performance
Creative and collaborative environment
Company paid sports leagues and wellness program
Health, Dental, Vision, Life, AD&D, 401K, HSA Accounts

Relocation is not offered for this role. Local candidates are preferred.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Anchorage, AK
Qualifications

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

General Requirements:

Must be a self-motivated team player with the ability to prioritize work.

Must be able to pursue business objectives with energy, drive and initiative. Must be able to work effectively with a minimum of supervision or support. Must be able to balance multiple activities while still paying a great deal of attention to detail.

Must be able to understand how basic business work processes interact. Must be dedicated to understanding and exceeding the expectations and needs of clients. Must be able to build positive relationships with clients and others.

Monitors compliance with client criteria as well as all state and national codes and regulations. Ensures that all assigned activities and operations comply with applicable regulations and laws.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from an accredited institution required.

Minimum one (1) year experience working as an Electrical Engineer in the Oil & Gas industry.

Advanced skillset with AutoCAD and Microsoft Excel required.

Previous Telecom experience is preferred.

Language Skills:

Ability to read, analyze and interpret common scientific and technical journals. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to management and client.

Mathematical Skills:

Comprehend and apply principles of calculus, modern algebra and statistical theory. Ability to work with concepts such as limits, rings, quadratic and differential equations and proofs and theorems. Ability to apply mathematical operations to work projects.

Reasoning Ability:

Apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Ability to deal with non-verbal symbols (formulas, scientific equations, graphs, etc.) in the most difficult phases. Ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.

Computer Skills:

Possess a working knowledge of Microsoft Word, word processing software; Excel spreadsheet software; Outlook e-mail software; and any other discipline-specific design or analysis software, as required.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

This job may not have supervisory responsibilities, although senior level Engineers may provide supervision, provide direction to other assigned employees and supervise functional work teams.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee must be able to travel and work in a remote location overnight or longer, including the north slope of Alaska. The employee is occasionally exposed to work near mechanical parts; work in high, precarious places; toxic or caustic chemicals and adverse outdoor weather conditions. The employee is expected to abide by all required safety regulations, behaviors and conditions, as required at the local or remote work locations. The noise level in the work environment is usually low.

FLSA Status: Exempt

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, use hands to finger, handle or feel, talk and hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required include close vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus. The employee is occasionally exposed to severe outside weather conditions and perhaps the risk of electrical shock. The noise level is usually quiet.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

NANA Shareholder Preference

Job: Engineering/Design
Primary Location: US-AK-Anchorage
Shift: Day Job
Organization: Engineering
Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External: Jan 5, 2019, 2:59:00 AM

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Intern - Fort Worth, TX 76108
Qualifications:
Bachelors in aerospace, electrical, or mechanical engineering.
Pursing STEM degree at an accredited university with emphasis
Experience working with Microsoft Office.
Desired Skills:
Ability to operate lab equipment and report on test findings.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Co-op/Summer Intern

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Lead RF Electrical Engineer - Rochester, NY 14624
Qualifications:

BS in Electrical Engineering (BSEE or BSCE) and 6+ years of experience with RF hardware design tools and in completing RF designs from requirements to production, along with experience in frequency bands from 300MHz to 6000MHz.
Preferred Additional Skills:

Exposure to test scripting programming language such as LabView and Matlab
Ability to work autonomously and with others to resolve technical issues
Ability to obtain US Government Secret Security Clearance
<i>Please be aware that many of our positions require a security clearance, or the ability to obtain one. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
</i><i>By submitting your résumé for this position, you understand and agree that Harris Corporation may share your résumé, as well as any other related personal information or documentation you provide, with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purpose of considering you for other available positions.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Lowell, MA 01851
Qualifications:</h4>
BSEE with experience in hardware design of microcontroller-based PCB assemblies.Experience should demonstrate capability in various phases of product life-cycle from concept to production, as well as support of manufacturing and customers.Demonstrated capability for design of experiments, product qualification testing (EMI, RFI, thermal, etc.) and production acceptance testing.Must have experience in using and maintaining schematic capture software, preferably PADs Logic.Proven track record of product design from concept, design, PCB layout checking, test, release and support.
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">
Desired Skills:</h4>
Familiarity with PIC microcontroller families or 8051 architecture.Experience with analog circuit design and firmware design.Understanding IPC standards (610, J-STD-001) for PC board layout, fabrication and assembly.MTBF Calculations using third party software.Proficiency with USB, RS232 and other low-speed serial communication interfaces.
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">
Benefits:</h4>
Cortron offers a culture where a motivated and enthusiastic employee can flourish, experience professional fulfillment, and reach their highest potential. We offer competitive compensation and an excellent benefits package including full medical, dental, life, short- and long-term disability, 401(K), 20 days paid time off, 9/80 work schedule, and performance-based bonuses. In addition, we typically shut down for 1-2 weeks (paid time off) during year-end holidays (above and beyond normal vacation time). We are located right off Route 3, two exits north of Route 495.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Everett, WA 98203
Qualifications:
5 - 10 years of related experienceBachelor of science in electrical engineering or a reverent subjectProven ability to develop and improve manufacturing processes.Proven ability to develop and improve manufacturing processes.Basic computer skills (i.e. Excel spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations, Lotus Notes email, etc.)Advanced interpersonal skillsStrong leadership skillsExperience with Lean Manufacturing and process improvementPerson must be able to manage time wisely by focusing on the critical few but not losing site of long term projects and goalsPerson must have decisions based on data and facts that drive the correct actionMust have and understanding of troubleshooting tree and/or a methodical problem-solving mindMust be able to work well in a team environment and autonomouslyMust be able to manage projects of large and small scale delivered on time at costMust execute fundamental engineering design/analysis in the role of a project leaderKaizen experience preferred

Working Conditions:
This person will work in a manufacturing environment. The will be working in a manufacturing environment managing a team of engineers.

Fortive Corporation Overview:

Fortive is a diversified industrial growth company comprised of global businesses that are recognized leaders in attractive markets. With more than $6 billion in annual revenues, Fortive’s well-known brands hold leading positions in field instrumentation, transportation, sensing, product realization, automation and specialty, and franchise distribution.

Fortive is headquartered in Everett, Washington and employs a team of more than 24,000 research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative employees in more than 40 countries around the world. Our team grows by tackling challenges that accelerate progress and further their careers. With a culture rooted in continuous improvement, the core of our company’s operating model is the Fortive Business System. For more information please visit:www.fortive.com.

Organization: Fluke

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Salt Lake City, UT
Qualifications:Proficiency in Altium including PCB layout, schematic capture and modelingExperience with low noise ANALOG circuitryExperience testing, debugging and repairing custom electronicsExcellent written/verbal communication and interpersonal skillsGenerate high-level reports on the functionality and design of devicesAbility to create and execute verification and validation activitiesAbility to work on an interdisciplinary teamAbility to troubleshoot experimental setups and instrumentationEagerness to learn outside of your established field, <i>e.</i>, learning chemistry, physics, <i>etc</i>.Desired Experience:Experience in designing portable devicesGas delivery systems and plumbingKnowledge of sensor functionsUnderstanding of power electronicsUnderstanding of heat dissipation techniquesExperience working for startup companiesSuccessful product design ownership from concept phase thru production releaseRequirements:S. degree in electrical engineering or related field from an accredited college or universityMinimum 5 years’ experience in product design and development positions including a proven track record of successful new product introductionsExperience in an electronics industry, with preference given to portable devicesStrong problem-solving skillsExperience working within a formal product development environmentDirect experience with product qualification activities (V&V)Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Design Engineer - Oakland, CA 94619
Qualifications: 2 or more years of experience and a portfolio of previous projects with complex digital designsIn-depth understanding of high-speed PCB layoutProficient with schematic capture softwareBS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering (or a related field)Strong written and verbal communication skillsSelf-driven with an ability to executePreferred/Bonus Qualifications: 4 or more years of total EE experienceExperience with RF designAn interest in camera systemsExperience building FCT fixtures for manufacturingApply directly through this link here:https://jobs.lever.co/stockwell/257c3a57-1b31-42ab-8420-4dfbb86c836d?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=IndeedJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Design: 1 year (Preferred)Electrical Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Maintenance Engineer - Dearborn, MI 48121
Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering required
3 years of heavy industrial or manufacturing maintenance experience preferred
Background in PLC's, AC and DC motor and drive controls, basic power distribution and relay board logic required
Strong communication and analytical ability required

<i>We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, military or protected veteran status. The following links provide information regarding your Equal Employment Opportunity rights and protections: </i><i>EEO is the Law</i><i> & </i><i>EEO is the Law Supplement</i><i>. </i><i>We are a drug-free workplace and conduct pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sustaining Engineer (Electrical) - Los Angeles, CA 90064
Qualifications:
BS or higher in Electrical Engineering from an accredited university or college is required
Excellent problem-solving skills including demonstrated application of structured problem-solving methods
Working knowledge and/or experience with electrical design principles, design for manufacture and electronic circuit analysis
Proficient with Altium or similar electronics CAD software and electrical test equipment (oscilloscopes, multimeters)
Experience conducting Root Cause Analysis, Component Analysis, or Failure Mode Effect Analysis (DFMEA/PFMEA) is a plus
Experience with lean manufacturing principles and tools is a plus
Experience in the medical device industry and FDA regulations is a plus

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Intern - Summer 2019 - San Bruno, CA 94066
Qualifications
ABOUT YOU

A visionary engineer or technologist with a passion for learning new technologies, programming wizardry, and translating them into working software.Experience with software design, development and automated testingFamiliar with agile or other rapid application development metExperience with design, editing, and programming across one or more platforms and languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Perl, Python, R, Ruby, Shell Scripting, CSS, HTML, HTML5), data structure fundamentals and relational databases, Big Data, Cloud Computing, (Hadoop/HBase/MapReduce), Linux system and networksDemonstrated experience with object-oriented design and coding with variety of languagesUnderstanding of XML, JSON , Web Services technologies, and, with experience in multi-threaded programming a plusAndroid, iOS, or Windows Phone development experience is strongly preferred, but not requiredPassionate about user experienceAn awesome programmer with high levels of creativity and quick solving capabilities to change the world in a huge way!
EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field.Graduating between December 2019 and July 2020
Additional Preferred Qualifications
None at this time.
Company Summary
The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission.
Position Summary
ABOUT SYSTEMS ENGINEERING INTERNS

The teams within @WalmartLabs design, prototype and build technology-fueled products that bridge the gap between what's next and what's best. System Engineer Interns works on projects that involve system design and implementation of large-scale e-commerce infrastructure. The interns work on teams that design and make recommendations to software and hardware projects and participate in technical reviews. The projects could involve developing scripts for systems monitoring and maintenance, performance analysis and tuning of the database and application systems, or working with business and Project Managers to define and implement new system functionality. Our interns work with very small team to create new, awesome features for millions of users.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Entry Level - Ann Arbor, MI 48103
Qualifications
B.S. in Electrical Engineering with academic coursework focused on power or control systems
0 to 3 years of relevant experience
Computer skills and familiarity with AutoCAD, Excel, and Word
Strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills
Ability and willingness to work cooperatively with team members in a high-energy working environment that encourages self-initiative
A flexible working style and a willingness to modify personal schedules as required to meet deadlines and/or client needs
Legal authorization to work in the United States without the need for sponsorship
Acceptable driving record


Preferred Qualifications
Experience working in a design capacity on projects directly related to job responsibilities described above at a consulting engineering or industrial organization
Knowledge and experience with industrial manufacturing processes such as power plants, petroleum refining, mining and/or minerals processing, chemical production or municipal facilities
Power distribution experience
Experience interfacing databases of common Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) with other end-user applications such as Distributed Control Systems (DCSs)
Experience with Allen Bradley PLCs and short-circuit studies and analyses
Experience with motor control, lighting, grounding, conduit plans, sizing of power cable and electrical equipment
Familiarization with fundamentals of short circuit and protective device coordination calculations
Proven project or task management skills
Working knowledge of codes, standards, laws, and regulations applicable to the project assignments described above
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) certified, or ability to obtain within one year
GPA 3.0 or greater

Barr Engineering Co. reserves the right to consider other legitimate, non-discriminatory factors that are not specifically listed.

We require proof of eligibility to work in the United States.

Barr strives to make www.barr.com accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance with completing the application process, please call 952-832-2600, or toll free at 800-632-2277.

Barr is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other lawfully protected status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Grand Rapids, MI
Qualifications: Bachelor’s in Electrical EngineeringExperience designing electrical for retail, commercial office, hotel or light industrial.Professional Engineer in the State of Michigan, willing to become registered in other statesMust be capable of handling all aspects of electrical engineering related to the building industry.LEED design/certification would be preferred.AutoCad/Revit experience.Responsibilities: Engineer is responsible for all electrical engineering services on project from start to finish.Must be capable of managing and leading support staff such as drafting and electrical designers.Ability to communicate with clients, projects owners and contractors in a professional manner is a must.Will be required to establish budgets, develop engineering services proposals and maintain/develop client relationships.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $100,000.00 /yearEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>SR Process Engineer I - Beaverton, OR 97006
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical, Chemical Engineering, Plastics Engineering or other manufacturing related degree
12 years' directly related work experience may be considered in lieu of the degree
5 years of experience in Process Engineering within a high-volume manufacturing production environment required, plastics and/or packaging preferred.
Experience troubleshooting industrial machinery which requires strong knowledge in both electrical and mechanical systems
Experience or classwork in Design of Experiments and strong statistical skills preferred
Exposure to Lean manufacturing principles preferred
Possess a detailed and methodical approach to problem solving
Ability to work with associates of all levels including directors, managers, engineers, machine operators, quality technicians, line supervisors, and maintenance technicians.
Knowledge of plastics processing a plus.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>IC Design Engineering Internship - Beaverton, OR
Qualifications
Currently pursuing Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (preferred) in Electrical Engineering
Solid knowledge of analog and mixed-signal IC design fundamentals<i>
Maxim is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.</i>

Preferred Qualifications
Preferred Requirements:
Research related to IC design
Hands-on IC design experience
Superior analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to self-manage and meet deadlines
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work in teams and collaborate cross functionally

Relocation Assistance Available Yes

Visa Sponsorship Available Yes

Removal Date 03/22/2019

APPLY TO JOB

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Applications Scientist - United States
Qualifications:

PhD (preferred, but not required) in physics, chemistry, materials science, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, or related field.
5 years or more hands-on experience with AFM applications and/or technical support. Prior professional experience in AFM industry a plus.
Proven track record of publications & presentations
Excellent communication skills, fluent in English (written and spoken).
Ability to work well with others, to cooperate, and to share success with the whole team.
Willingness to travel up to 50%.
Ability to lift up to 45 pounds from floor to hip height.
Ability to work in the US and qualified to obtain security clearances as needed.


Park Systems is a world leading manufacturer of atomic force microscopy (AFM) systems with a complete range of products for lab researchers and industry engineers in biological science, materials research, and semiconductor and storage industries. Park’s AFM provides the highest data accuracy, superior productivity, and lowest operating cost. Park Systems is an equal opportunity employer that offers competitive compensation and benefits. For more information about Park, please visit www.parksystems.com.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Modem RF Verification &amp; Automation Intern - Santa Clara, CA 95052
Qualifications

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences.

Minimum requirements:
Must be pursuing a Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field.
6+ months of experience with:
Automation, building AI models with python/java.
Building the AI models/testing them with huge datasets after gathering using Tensor flow APIs.
Python code development for testing framework, data processing & reporting.
Preferred qualifications:
Experience in RF signaling and measurements in cellular domain.
Experience with Cellular technologies like 5G, 4G , 3G, 2G, CDMA.
Technical experience with GNSS and other connectivity technologies.
Lab exposure on tool like CMW500, CMW100, Agilent 8969, Anrtisu call box etc.


Inside this Business Group
Communication & Devices Group: The wireless revolution at Intel! We are one team - passionate engineers and technologists from diverse industry backgrounds working together to realize a world of connected computing. We are bringing the best ideas from the brightest minds to deliver future mobile experiences into the market. We are on the journey towards making Intel a wireless leader with exciting products for the Internet of Things, 5G and an opportunity to change the world with your work.

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer I (Municipal) - Birmingham, AL 35216
Qualifications: We are looking for candidates that have completed a bachelor level electrical engineering program from an accredited institution, someone with water/wastewater industry experience, and system integration experience. We want to find someone with 3+ years technical experience with PLC, HMI, Control Panel Design, and Startup, someone with 3+ years programming in control and instrumentation fields, and someone with 3+ years Control Panel Design experience.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mechanical Engineer (Entry Level) - Palatine, IL 60067
Qualifications: </i>4-year degree from an accredited institutionRegistration as an Engineer-in-Training or ability to obtain an EIT0-5 years experienceStrong organizational, writing, interpersonal and communication skillsAbility to work closely in a team environmentFrom day one at Wold you will:Be in a position to influence design of multi-million dollar projects.Be part of an integrated team of architects, interior designers, mechanical and electrical engineers focused on total design solutions for our public sector clients.Have an opportunity to develop leadership skills to prepare you to lead, direct and manage projects.Be part of a creative, energetic environment that allows you to be challenged and fulfill your potential.Wold offers competitive wages and a variety of benefits including health and dental insurance, life insurance, disability, personal time off, flexible spending accounts and a 401(k) plan. Wold is an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity employer.Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Controls Engineer III- Relocation to Illinois - Bradley, IL
Qualifications and Experience Requirements: EducationBS Chemical, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering. In lieu of an Engineering degree, technical experience in a pharmaceutical or regulated industry may be considered.Experience5+ years in related controls technical experience2+ years in pharma or process related in a regulated environment.CompetenciesGood mechanical and electrical aptitude; good communication skills.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Allen Bradley Programming: 5 years (Preferred)FDA Regulagted Facility: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Radar Engineer - Fairborn, OH 45324
Qualifications and RequirementsB.S. Degree in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Math or related field0-5 years of relevant experienceExcellent problem solving and critical thinking skillsExcellent attention to detail with a drive to execute rigorous analysis techniquesExcellent initiative, highly inquisitive, and good work ethicExcellent oral and written communication skillsMust be a U.S. CitizenMust be able to obtain a U.S. Government Security Clearance in reasonable period of timePreferredKnowledge of signal processing techniques and dish/phased array radarsKnowledge of systems engineering process, MatLab and scripting languagesJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Signal Processing: 1 year (Preferred)MATLAB: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>2019 Systems Engineering Intern- Global Business Systems - San Bruno, CA 94066
Qualifications
ABOUT YOU

A visionary engineer or technologist with a passion for learning new technologies, programming wizardry, and translating them into working software.Experience with software design, development and automated testingFamiliar with agile or other rapid application development metExperience with design, editing, and programming across one or more platforms and languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Perl, Python, R, Ruby, Shell Scripting, CSS, HTML, HTML5), data structure fundamentals and relational databases, Big Data, Cloud Computing, (Hadoop/HBase/MapReduce), Linux system and networksDemonstrated experience with object-oriented design and coding with variety of languagesUnderstanding of XML, JSON , Web Services technologies, and, with experience in multi-threaded programming a plusAndroid, iOS, or Windows Phone development experience is strongly preferred, but not requiredPassionate about user experienceAn awesome programmer with high levels of creativity and quick solving capabilities to change the world in a huge way!
EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field.Graduating December 2019 or later
Additional Preferred Qualifications
Please add text
Company Summary
The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission.
Position Summary
ABOUT SOFTWARE ENGINEER INTERNS

The teams within @WalmartLabs design, prototype and build technology-fueled products that bridge the gap between what's next and what's best. The engineering teams are grounded in the principles of open source. As an intern, you’ll have the responsibility to make a difference on a grand scale, working on code for millions of users and taking on other challenging projects. Our interns work with very small team to create new, awesome features for millions of users.

Write code with one or more programming languages (e.g., Java, C/C++ JavaScript)Function as a core member of an agile team working on API specs, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints, or doing proof of concepts/automation toolsDesign and develop new customer-facing applications on multiple channels like native iOS, Android, web, social integration, java services / APIsDesign and implement web-enabled systems for data collectionWork on the scalability, resilience, and efficiency of backend componentsWork closely with teams across product engineering, product management and interaction design

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Kingwood, TX 77339
Qualifications:BS in EE w/ PE license OR MS in EE10+ years of forensic industry and fire investigation experienceExcellent written and verbal communication skillsA self-starter capable of working under minimal supervisionWillingness to work with a team and to coach and mentor othersPreferred Qualifications:In-depth knowledge of electrical appliancesStrong analytical aptitudeTesting design and developmentCFEI/CFIWorking knowledge of Microsoft OfficeJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $105,000.00 to $120,000.00 /yearEducation:Bachelor's (Required)License:Professional Engineer (Preferred)CFEI/CFI (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director, Electrical Engineering - P.E. - Chapel Hill, NC
Qualifications
</h2>Education and/or Work Experience Requirements:

BS in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited university. Has 10 or more years of relevant experience, and PE required.
Senior level experience with medium to large projects and proven experience leading an electrical engineering team consisting of at least 5 engineers / designers. Must have experience in and be able to estimate man-hours required for completion of work and successfully prioritize and assign work per schedule requirements. Engineer must have recent experience in verifying completeness and quality of work performed.
Proficient with AutoCAD (desired), and MS Office.
Experience on HV interaction with transmission owners/agencies for design and permitting.
Experience with SCADA
Experience with design of PV projects, strong technical understanding of solar power systems and solar inverter technologies.
Familiar with solar array construction techniques, installation practices and plant start-up requirements.
Knowledge of the ANSI, IEEE, IEC, NEC and other industry codes, specifications and standards
Familiar with and able to specify high, medium and low voltage electrical equipment.
Experience with Interconnections, and interfacing with utilities.
Comfortable presenting to and interacting with consultants, authorities with jurisdiction, and regulatory agencies.
Strong leadership skills and experience, with the ability to lead and interact with engineers and designers with clearly established expectations.
Ability to obtain out-of-state PE license(s).
Experience with management of projects in a multidiscipline engineering consulting firm a plus.
No third party solicitations will be accepted for this or any other Strata Solar position.
Strata Solar is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Strata Solar is an equal employment and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other status or characteristic protected under applicable law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Fuel Cell Electrical System Architecture Modeling Lead - Minneapolis, MN
Qualifications
</h2>
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Job
 </h2>ENGINEERING
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Primary Location
 </h2>United States-Minnesota-Minneapolis-US, MN, Fridley, Cummins Power Generation
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Job Type
 </h2>Experienced - Exempt / Office
Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Job Posting
 </h2>Dec 20, 2018, 12:51:55 PM
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Unposting Date
 </h2>Ongoing

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Engineering &amp; Application Development Internship - United States
Qualifications:
Students pursuing an undergraduate / graduate degree in Electrical or Industrial Engineering or Computer Science

Excellent analytical skills and great attention to detail

GPA of 3.0 or better

Proficient skills in MS Excel/Word/PowerPoint and Internet research

Demonstrated leadership attributes

Interested candidates, please forward their resumes, including two references to careers@noveda.com clearly indicating the title of the program to which they are applying.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Indianapolis, IN - Noblesville, IN 46060
Qualifications
</h2>WHAT YOU OFFER:
EDUCATION: BSEE degree or equivalent studies/experience.
EXPERIENCE: Position requires a high degree of technical knowledge of lighting design, electrical construction, proficiency in NEC code standards, and computer estimating applications. Strong administrative, computer, and communication skills also required.
GAYLOR ELECTRIC, INC. is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.<i>
EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer, RF/Analog - Waukesha, WI 53187
Qualifications/Requirements:
BS in Electrical Engineering

Quality Specific Goals:
Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position.
Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines.
Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required

Desired Characteristics:
Excellent communication skills and ability to articulate technical problems in clear and simple terms.

Demonstrated analytical ability and technical competency in Electrical design.

Proven Leadership skills and experience.
Strong Initiative and ability to work independently and in teams.

Experience in one or more engineering tools and software languages: Matlab, Excel, Labview, ADS or alternate RF engineering simulation platform, Spice
Prior intern, co-op, or research experience in design engineering or manufacturing or research experience in the design field.
Strong commitment to a career in technology and a passion for engineering.
Demonstrated analytic approach to problem solving.
9. Demonstrated leadership skills and community involvement.

About Us:
GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Locations: United States; Wisconsin; Waukesha
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Embedded Systems Engineer - Cambridge, MA
Qualifications:</i>
Aurora Flight Sciences is seeking an Embedded Systems Engineer to join an innovative and dynamic team that develops and tests industry-leading aerospace products and vehicles. The Embedded Systems Engineer will support the design, development, and testing of high performance electronics for unmanned aerial vehicle and robotics applications. Candidate will be working with a multi-disciplined, fast paced team and should be prepared to work on a large variety of interesting projects. We are looking for an independent thinker that is self-motivated, goal oriented, and willing to learn something new every day!
Primary responsibilities will include developing embedded software and avionics hardware for small flying robotic aircraft. Ideal candidate has experience programming OS applications as well as embedded processors. Prior programming experience required with preference to candidates with C/C++, Java and Linux experience. Candidate must be knowledgeable on common embedded communication buses such as I2C, CAN, Serial and SPI.<i>
Specific Responsibilities:</i>
Work independently or as a team member to design, build, test and troubleshoot hardware and software for autonomous vehicles. This could include autopilot, BLDC motor control, battery charging circuits, or radio communications.
Program OS applications as well as embedded processors
Program embedded (C/C++) applications and device drivers (I2C, CAN, SPI, ADC) for ARM core processors running small footprint, Linux-based operating systems.
Define, analyze and review software requirements to meet defined and anticipated customer needs and system quality and performance standards.
Collaborate with other engineering disciplines in planning, design and development of systems to ensure software and hardware performance and compatibility
Write test plans and test cases, conduct unit integration and system-level testing.
Support flight-test operations<i>
Minimum Requirements:
</i>Bachelor’s degree in electrical or computer engineering with 1-3 years of experience with embedded systems development.
Knowledge of C++, Java, Matlab, and/or Simulink is required.
Knowledge of common embedded communication buses such as I2C, CAN, Serial and SPI is required.
Programming experience required with preference to candidates with C/C++, Java and Linux experience
Experience debugging and prototyping PCBs is required. Some experience with PCB Design, schematic capture and layout, component selection and analog and digital logic design is desired.
Experience having implemented digital filters (ex. EKF, FIR, FFT and/or IIR) preferred.
Experience with Altium Designer is a plus.
Recent (last 12 months) demonstrated ability to develop (i.e. model or write) production software
Demonstrated ability to crimp, bolt, and solder intricate connectors to secure components in place
Candidates with UAV aircraft, robotics development experience and/or hobby drone experience will be given special consideration.
Candidate must be a US citizen or legal US permanent resident.<i>
Shift Requirements:</i>
Some travel required (~10%) for flight tests.<i>
Aurora Flight Sciences is an Equal Opportunity Employer</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Embedded Software Engineer C++ - Clifton, NJ
Qualifications:

A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related engineering field.
2+ Years of Embedded Software Engineering experience.
2+ Years' experience with C++
2+ Years Real Time Operating Systems Experience.
Preferred Additional Skills

EW Background
Capable of working on both high and low level software
VxWorks or similar embedded OS experience
UML design experience

This position requires the candidate to be able to obtain an INTERIM SECRET security clearance in order to obtain a clearance you need to be a US Citizen and show proof of citizenship.

By submitting your resume for this position, you understand and agree that Harris Corporation may share your resume, as well as any other related personal information or documentation you provide, with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purpose of considering you for other available positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Lead Engineer - Power Electronics - Niskayuna, NY 12309
Qualifications/Requirements:
Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering or related field with a minimum of 2 years of experience in a research & development environment developing power electronics and controls or an MS Degree in Electrical Engineering or related field with a minimum of 4 years of experience in a research & development environment developing power electronics and controls
Must be willing to work out of an office located in Niskayuna, NY
Must be 18 years or older
You must submit your application for employment through GECareers.com to be considered


Desired Characteristics:
Understanding of strategies and topologies that process AC and DC power.
Hands-on hardware experience in power circuits and systems
Understanding of pulse width modulation strategies and associated controls
Working knowledge types of power devices and associated gating strategies (SiC and GaN)
Ability to design and implement passive components, select capacitor technologies towards EMI compliance
Experience in circuit and system simulation tools such as Saber, PLECS, Matlab/Simulink, PSPICE, EMTP, etc.
Familiarity with advanced real-time and embedded digital control with DSP and FPGA hardware, firmware and software
Connections in industry and academia
Record of publications and patents
Demonstrated successful track record of completing tasks and deliverables on schedule and on budget
Excellent written and verbal communication skills including demonstrated formal writing and presentation experience
Demonstrated interpersonal, leadership and communication skills in a global team environment
Strong interpersonal skills
Strong analytical skills
Ability to work across all functions/levels as part of a team
Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines
Excellent written and verbal communication skills


About Us:
At GE Global Research, we’re redefining what’s possible. From cutting-edge research in molecular pathology for use in personalized cancer diagnostics to programs in coal gasification and renewable power that drive clean energy solutions, our work at Global Research is world-renowned. As part of our team, you’ll find yourself among scientists and engineers from every discipline in a dynamic atmosphere where you’ll be constantly challenged to learn and grow. You’ll have access to leaders on all levels of the organization and collaborate across the globe with the very best in the field. If you have an insatiable intellectual curiosity and the ability to articulate your vision, then join us and watch the work you do create the next generation of products and processes that will impact the globe for generations to come.
At GE Global Research we redefine what's possible, finding answers to some of the world's toughest problems. Find out more at http://www.ge.com/research or http://twitter.com/geresearchjobs, and connect with our technologists at http://www.edisonsdesk.com and http://twitter.com/GEresearch
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Locations: United States; New York; Niskayuna
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Designer, Electrical - Newark, DE
Qualifications

Requirements

5+ years related design experience
Proficiency with AutoCard and Microstation required.
Experience and proficiency with PDMS preferred
Job - Design
Primary Location - US-US-DE-Newark

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manufacturing Engineer, Electrical and Mechanical - Alameda, CA
Qualifications: Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering degree or equivalentMinimum 7 years of relevant experience in an electromechanical environment.Must have direct factory and manufacturing experience.Experience working in a fast-paced start-up like environment with limited structureSomeone who has worn multiple hats in an NPI focused roleExperience working with contract manufacturing partnersExcellent communication and teamwork skills. We are looking for an individual with a high sense of community sharing of information.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $100,000.00 to $150,000.00 /yearExperience:Manufacturing Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical &amp; Instrumentation Engineer - El Dorado, AR
Qualifications:
The position of E&I Plant Reliability Engineer requires a Bachelor of Science in Electrical, Electronic or Control Engineering and a minimum of 5 years of industrial experience in an chemical plant.
Must be able to work effectively on teams, communicate clearly to all levels of the organization, work multiple tasks concurrently, and provide leadership in areas of safety, operations and engineering.
Requires a sound working knowledge of the maintenance and engineering of field instrumentation/electrical devices, analog and digital controls, distributed and computer controlled systems and programmable logic controllers.
The incumbent must also have a working knowledge of personal computers and MS Office software.
The incumbent must have strong interpersonal skills and the ability to function as a team member.
Ability to interact with management in various departments is required in coordinating and complying with approved standards and policies.
This position requires exceptional DCS-software and PCT field hardware knowledge as well as a working knowledge of process and operations.
Knowledge of the National Electric Code, OSHA, UL and ANSI standards, SAP maintenance module, power distribution and motor control are desired. A demonstrated working knowledge of NFPA 70 including experience with Articles 500-510 National Electrical Code is required.
The position requires, in addition to technical skills, effective oral and written communicate skills.
Planning and organizing are integral parts of this job.
The position requires the ability to leverage technical know-how into concrete unit improvements.
Experience in specification of field instruments and sizing and selection of control valves.
Skills required in PLC and DCS programming of Rockwell Automation and Emerson Delta V required with Foxboro I/A a plus.
Reliable knowledge in occupational safety, process and plant safety, Functional Safety (design and implementation) and environmental protection.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Advanced Solutions Engineer / Electrical Engineer - Olathe, KS 66061
Qualifications

Qualified candidates will possess a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or related field AND a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience, OR an equivalent combination of education and experience. Other requirements include:
Demonstrated ability with application of design standards and procedures to develop moderately complex analog, digital and/or RF designs including simulations, schematics, PCB layouts and evaluation
Demonstrated ability with electrical engineering tools
Demonstrated knowledge of design impacts on manufacturability
Our benefits are designed to lead an evolving marketplace, support innovation and encourage a healthy balance between work and life. They allow our associates to make their own decisions about their well-being and future and consistently rank Garmin as a top tier benefits provider when compared to other high-tech employers. We offer a choice of high value medical, dental and vision plans with low or no premiums, to fit your and your family’s preferences. In addition, Garmin’s financial benefits include a generous 401K retirement plan that provides 5% of pay base contribution plus a match of 75 cents for every dollar you contribute to a maximum of 10% of your compensation. The employee stock purchase plan allows for shares to be bought at a 15% discount. Garmin offers many other benefits and perks ranging from well-being initiatives, educational assistance and career development, community charity support, and employee discounts just to name a few.

Never been to Kansas City? You are missing out! Check out www.mykc.co
EEO/AA/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Manufacturing - Denver, CO
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from accredited program. Minimum 3 years related experience (completion of master's degree in related field may be substituted for one year of experience). Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. This position requires an experienced and competent individual capable of successfully solving difficult problems that require adaptation and modification of standard techniques, procedures and criteria. Must be capable of devising new approaches to problems encountered. Completion of FE exam.
EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Job Electrical Engineering
Primary Location US-MO-Kansas City
Other Locations US-CO-Denver, US-IL-Downers Grove, US-TX-Dallas
Schedule: Full-time
About Burns & McDonnell
Burns & McDonnell is making the world a more amazing place with more than 5,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, scientists and consultants on staff and growing. We strive to create amazing success for our clients and amazing careers for our employee-owners. We take on some of the world’s toughest challenges with the industry’s best thinking.
We have offices and projects spanning the US and the globe. We are proud to rank among FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our culture of 100% employee ownership plays a major role in supporting that outcome. Each employee shares in the ownership of the firm, bringing the commitment of an owner to our projects. Clients appreciate that and have rewarded us with a 90% repeat business rate and decades-long partnerships. Pretty cool for a 100 year old firm that grows organically.
At Burns & McDonnell, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference every day while fulfilling your personal and professional ambitions. Our entrepreneurial culture lets you guide your destiny and shape the path your career travels. And with more than 350 service specialties, your career and development options are abundant.
Burns & McDonnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Req ID: 182123
LIBH

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer 3 - Substation Design - Power Delivery - Ann Arbor, MI 48105
Qualifications:
Requires a bachelor's degree in engineering from either a recognized accredited program in their home country or the country in which the professional is practicing. Minimum of 3 years related work experience All applicants must be able to complete pre-employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Preferred Job Qualifications:
Problem Solving.Written Communications.Decision Quality.Listening, and Dealing with ambiguity.Intermediate knowledge of engineering design principles and applicable design guides.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Designer Engineer - Augusta, GA
Qualifications (Education, Experience & Certifications):</h6>
10-20 years of industrial experience
Knowledge of Hazardous Area Classification and Best Practices
Experience with a focus on medium and low voltage power systems
Experience in design and installation of electrical equipment in oilfield and petrochemical plant environments
Experience with Transformer & Generator Sizing / Specifications
Knowledge of NEC and API Recommended Practices
Knowledge of Grounding Practices


<h6 class="jobSectionHeader">Not Required, but Special Consideration given for:</h6>
Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering from an ABET accredited college/university
EIT working toward PE


<h6 class="jobSectionHeader">Working Conditions & Physical Requirements</h6>
Most work to be performed in office environment with periodic visits to project sites and/or short term field assignments
Some travel required

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Aircraft Electrical Modification Engineer - Hill AFB, UT 84056
Qualifications:
At least 2 professional years’ experience in the following skill areas:
Experience creating and/or using wiring diagrams and schematicsExperience creating or using aircraft harness wire lists
Desired Skills:
F-16 ExperienceExperience with aeronautics specifications, engineering drawings, and F-16 aircraft electrical maintenanceExperience performing electrical maintenance on military aircraftInterpret engineering drawings and understand AL/PLs, drawing notes and usage flags.Read and interpret engineering and customer provided documentation.CATIA V5 experience or equivalent softwareBasic understanding of LM Aero engineering databases (i.e. MPRS, MPRSii, EDMS, etc)Must be a self-starter with initiative.Attention to detail with good organizational skills.Experience working on several Projects simultaneously, within budget and schedule.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Metrologist - Electrical/Physical - Kings Bay, GA 31547
Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 years of documented calibration laboratory experience
5 years’ experience troubleshooting and resolving technical problems
Ability to perform electrical/physical metrology measurements for the purpose of engineering analysis
Ability to develop metrology measurement techniques and procedures
Ability to give technical assistance to others
Ability to obtain and maintain a secret security clearance
Desired Skills:
Demonstrated team leadership experience and able to energize the team
Strong communications skills
Excellent computer skills. e.g. MS Word, Excel, Access, SharePoint, SureCal, Metcal
Experience working in an ISO/IEC 17025
- Hands -on calibration experience desired

Demonstrated closure on assignments
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Engineer - Electrical &amp; Instrumentation - Calvert City, KY 42029
Qualifications (Knowledge & Skills)

Basic Qualifications:
BS in Electrical Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience. Will consider equivalent Technical degrees based on experience and qualifications.
3-10 years of industrial electrical project experience, Chemical industry experience a plus.
Familiarity with low voltage distribution systems as well as branch circuit wiring to industrial equipment
Familiarity with control system cabinet design
Control system I/O specification and design experience
Project Management specific to electrical and controls scope
Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communications skills
Thorough knowledge of NEC codes and API Standards
Proficient using Microsoft Word, Visio and Excel
Must have demonstrated mechanical aptitude, be able to comprehend and interpret technical literature.
Electrical distribution and controls design experience (24 VDC up to 480 vac)
Knowledge of DeltaV DCS, Rockwell and Siemens PLC, VFD, and networking platforms or equivalent
Deadline and detail-oriented.
Plus Skills and Experience:
DeltaV application and configuration
Microstation CAD or AutoCad
Instrumentation, field devices, and equipment specification, troubleshooting, commissioning, and calibration
Understanding of hydraulics, pneumatics, temperature, pressure, flow, and mechanical dynamics
Proficiency with Microsoft operating systems administration

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - San Francisco, CA
Qualifications


BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering
3 to 8 years of relevant experience in product development (commercial or consumer)
Solid fundamentals in digital and analog circuit and system design
Experience with battery-powered devices and wireless is preferred
Strong schematic capture and system debug experience



 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer I - Pasadena, CA
Qualifications
This position requires a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, or related technical discipline with typically a minimum of 0-1 years of related experience or Master’s degree in similar disciplines. Minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale.
Other requirements include:
Proficiency in digital circuit design using VHDL/Verilog
Working knowledge of Linux operating system.
Ability to read / create electrical schematics, wiring diagrams, and ICDs.
Experience in fabrication and testing.
Proficiency in operating standard electronics test equipment; digital multi-meters, oscilloscopes, power supplies, function generators and spectrum analyzers.
Proficiency in electronics board testing.
Experience in harness design and fabrication.
Understanding of technical specifications.
Excellent communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to work with a diverse set of customers including technicians, other unit designers and subsystem leads, project and line management, parts reliability, materials, procurement, and packaging groups.
Preferred qualifications include:
Experience with development of simulation and test equipment development in the Aerospace industry.
Knowledge of applicable Laboratory policies and procedures, NASA policies and procedures, and government regulations.
Prior experience in the delivery of JPL Critical Items.
C++, Matlab and LabView programming knowledge.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>RF Desense Hardware Engineer, Pixel - Chicago, IL 60607
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of relevant work experience.
Experience in RF and Electrical Engineering component characteristics/behavior. Experience performing RF RX sensitivity tests in a radiated environment.

Preferred qualifications:

Experience with wireless co-existence and Desense mitigation schemes.
Experience with RF lab equipment including call boxes, power meters, spectrum analyzers, vector signal generators/analyzers and oscilloscope.
Experience in and understanding of RF hardware and system design, as well as experience with current and upcoming RF standards.
Knowledge of electromagnetic and antenna theory inside portable wireless devices, including proper grounding, isolation and Desense mitigation techniques.
Ability to perform hands-on disassembly and make experimental modifications to intricate hardware.
About the job

Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As an RF Desense Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.
Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
Responsibilities

Take responsibility for RF Desense performance evaluation and data analysis on a wide variety of projects for various wireless technologies including GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, NFC and Cellular, in order to optimize overall system performance.
Define RF Desense test requirements and methodology, design and implement test systems, debug and resolve issues, and manage the process to ensure our products meets all RF Desense performance specifications. Implement test stations at the factory to gather statistics, screening devices for RF Desense performance, and mock-up and proposal of design changes to resolve any issues found.
Understand all applicable wireless technologies (e.g. IEEE 802.11, Bluetooth, NFC, GPS, GSM, UMTS, CDMA and LTE) and industry standards (e.g. 3GPP, WiFi Alliance, IEEE, and Bluetooth SIG) in relation to our products.
Work closely with internal and external engineering groups to debug RF Desense issues and provide system mitigations to optimize performance.
Create flex, PCB and system designs that meet challenging RF Desense performance requirements.
Location



Chicago, IL, USA

At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@google.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (Analog Embedded Design) - Atlanta, GA 30313
Qualifications:BS in Computer Sciences or Electrical Engineering, MS preferredExperience with C, C++ and C#Strong background in microcontrollers, signal processing and embedded developmentHardware knowledge, ability to read schematics, and debug SW to HW interfacesExperience interfacing hardware, firmware development and sensors/hardware interfaceExperience with electronic design and developmentProficiency with the use of test equipment such as logic analyzers and oscilloscopesExcellent written and verbal communication skills and computer literacy are requiredExperience in the medical device industry working in R&D or new product developmentExperience working with electrochemical gas sensors and testing preferredStrong programming knowledge of various serial protocols such as I2C, SPI, USBProficiency with development tools like compilers, emulators and debuggers preferably Microchip toolsAbility to work under tight deadlines with measurable milestonesJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Electrical Engineer - Binghamton, NY
Qualifications
B.S. Electrical Engineering and 0-3 years of relevant experience or A.S Electrical Engineering and 3+ years of relevant experience. Applied knowledge of power systems education curriculum preferred.
Engineer in Training certification preferred, with a desire to work towards and attain a career goal of Professional Engineer.
Leadership: desire to lead engineering groups and foster a creative engineering environment.
Critical Thinking: ability to solve problems as they arise.
Communication: strong interpersonal and communication skills and the capability to effectively communicate with employees, clients, and business partners to create a clear and mutual understanding on common goals, directives, and expectations. Possess the ability to present technical material to non-technical persons; including group presentations to clients.
Resilience: capability to work with multiple employees, department leads and projects/programs, while maintaining one’s composure.
Work effectively in teams.
Strong computer skills including both Microsoft Office programs and AutoCAD programs including Revit.
Willingness to continue to improve and engage in lifelong learning.
Willingness to join and participate in relevant professional affiliations.
We consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, race, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Equal access to programs, services and employment is available to all persons. Should an applicant require reasonable accommodation with the application or the interview process, please notify the Human Resources Department.

O’Brien & Gere is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>FPGA Design - Electrical Engineer - Palm Bay, FL 32905
Qualifications:

4+ years' experience in electrical engineering with Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering.
Active Top Secret Security Clearance.
Preferred Additional Skills:

Thorough understanding of VHDL, the FPGA design process and the tools used to generate the FPGA designs.
Experience with high speed memory and network interfaces and protocols is desired.
Self-motivated individual with the ability to work and communicate effectively within a development group is desired.
Ability to work in a team environment and negotiate solutions with Hardware / Software Engineering and Systems Engineering is preferred.
Proficiency with Xlinx, Altera Tool Suites (VHDL, Synthesis, Place and Route, Simulation, Timing Analysis), is desired.
Security Clearance:

Please be aware that this position requires the candidate to have the ability to obtain a TS/SCI security clearance. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
<i>
By submitting your résumé for this position, you understand and agree that Harris Corporation may share your résumé, as well as any other related personal information or documentation you provide, with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purpose of considering you for other available positions.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Johnson &amp; Johnson Consumer R&amp;D Co-op (June-December 2019) - Skillman, NJ
Qualifications
Enrollment in a full-time undergraduate/graduate program seeking a degree majoring in a Science or Technology related field.
A minimum 3.0 Cumulative GPA at the time of application.
Ability to work 40 hours per week for the duration of the 6-month co-op term
Authorization to work in the United States without limitations and require no sponsorship for visa status now or in the future (e.g. H1-B status).
Relevant internship, co-op, laboratory or retail work experience
History of leadership and multi-functional collaboration
Candidates with academic and/or industrial clinical trial experience are strongly preferred.
Participation in campus/community service activities is desired.
Housing Assistance:
Based on location of assignment, housing assistance is offered to students who live more than 50 miles from their work-site location. This housing assistance includes options for subsidized rent in a fully-furnished apartment close to the work-site, or a stipend payment for students to use at their discretion. Daily transportation to and from the work-site location is the student's responsibility, as most locations are not accessible via public transportation and company transportation is not provided.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Primary Location
United States-New Jersey-Skillman
Other Locations
North America-United States-New Jersey-Princeton, North America-United States-Pennsylvania-Fort Washington Candidates need to be proficient with Microsoft Office, Word, Excel (including a high proficiency with generating pivot tables and graphs), and Power Point, and have strong oral and written communication skills.

Primary Location
United States-New Jersey-Skillman-
Organization
J & J Consumer Inc. (6101)
Job Function
Administration
Requisition ID
0165181214

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Battery Mechanical Engineer - Electrical Power Systems - New Glenn - Kent, WA
Qualifications
</h2>B.S. degree or higher in Mechanical Engineering or an appropriate engineering field
5+ years of experience with the structural analysis of mechanical systems
Working knowledge of 3D CAD programs (Creo Pro/E preferred)
Experience with FEA analysis tools (ANSYS preferred)
Experience with Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance analysis (ASMEY 14.5)
Experience with battery pack and cell packaging design
Desire to work hands-on, as part of a team, in both development and production phases of a product lifecycle
Strong understanding of electronics integration with mechanical systems for structural and thermal support
Must be a U.S. citizen or national, U.S. permanent resident (current Green Card holder), or lawfully admitted into the U.S. as a refugee or granted asylum.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Desired
</h2>10+ years of experience with the structural analysis of mechanical systems for batteries and power electronics
Experience with fault tolerant and high reliability systems
Familiar with design, testing, and qualifying battery hardware per standards such as UN DOT 38.3, UL 2054, UL 1642, SMC-S-016, SMC-S-017, SMC-S-018, or JSC 20793
Demonstrated expertise with any industry standard analysis codes: Nastran, Ansys, Optistruct, LS/Dyna
Basic electronics (volts, amps, watts, power vs energy, switches, and basic cabling schematics)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineer Intern - Centennial, CO 80112
Qualifications:
Actively enrolled in an Engineering, Physics, Math or other related degree program from an accredited college/university.

This position requires special access to support the program and requires US Citizenship.
Desired Skills:
Coursework in college level physics.Knowledge and or training in the integration of requirements, design and technology during the design and development of complex systems.Knowledge of product development life cycle a plus.Knowledge of CAD and simulation tools.Experience or classroom knowledge of analytical model development using Matlab or Simulink.Detailed coding implementation with programming languages (C, C++).Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.
Desired Degrees:
AerospaceMechanicalElectricalSoftwareComputer ScienceComputer EngineeringPhysicsMath
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Co-op/Summer Intern

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Laser Electronics Engineer - Thornton, CO
Qualifications
REQUIREMENTS
BS degree in Electrical engineering, Photonics, Physics, similar
Expert level knowledge of PSPICE or similar circuit design and modeling software.
Expert level knowledge of Altium Design or comparable CAD tool, minimum schematic capture and PCB layout knowledge.
Direct design experience with high power laser diode drivers.

PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS
MS, PhD in Electrical Engineering, Electro-Optics, Physics, or Laser Physics.
Experience with high power lasers & amplifier systems.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Anchorage, AK
Qualifications

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

General Requirements:

Must be a self-motivated team player with the ability to prioritize work.

Must be able to pursue business objectives with energy, drive and initiative. Must be able to work effectively with a minimum of supervision or support. Must be able to balance multiple activities while still paying a great deal of attention to detail.

Must be able to understand how basic business work processes interact. Must be dedicated to understanding and exceeding the expectations and needs of clients. Must be able to build positive relationships with clients and others.

Monitors compliance with client criteria as well as all state and national codes and regulations. Ensures that all assigned activities and operations comply with applicable regulations and laws.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from an accredited institution required.

Minimum one (1) year experience working as an Electrical Engineer in the Oil & Gas industry.

Advanced skillset with AutoCAD and Microsoft Excel required.

Previous Telecom experience is preferred.

Language Skills:

Ability to read, analyze and interpret common scientific and technical journals. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to management and client.

Mathematical Skills:

Comprehend and apply principles of calculus, modern algebra and statistical theory. Ability to work with concepts such as limits, rings, quadratic and differential equations and proofs and theorems. Ability to apply mathematical operations to work projects.

Reasoning Ability:

Apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Ability to deal with non-verbal symbols (formulas, scientific equations, graphs, etc.) in the most difficult phases. Ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.

Computer Skills:

Possess a working knowledge of Microsoft Word, word processing software; Excel spreadsheet software; Outlook e-mail software; and any other discipline-specific design or analysis software, as required.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

This job may not have supervisory responsibilities, although senior level Engineers may provide supervision, provide direction to other assigned employees and supervise functional work teams.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee must be able to travel and work in a remote location overnight or longer, including the north slope of Alaska. The employee is occasionally exposed to work near mechanical parts; work in high, precarious places; toxic or caustic chemicals and adverse outdoor weather conditions. The employee is expected to abide by all required safety regulations, behaviors and conditions, as required at the local or remote work locations. The noise level in the work environment is usually low.

FLSA Status: Exempt

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, use hands to finger, handle or feel, talk and hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required include close vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus. The employee is occasionally exposed to severe outside weather conditions and perhaps the risk of electrical shock. The noise level is usually quiet.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

NANA Shareholder Preference

Job: Engineering/Design
Primary Location: US-AK-Anchorage
Shift: Day Job
Organization: Engineering
Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External: Jan 5, 2019, 2:59:00 AM

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intern opportunities for PhD students: Hardware Engineering - United States
Qualifications</h2>
Pursing a PhD degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineer, mechanical engineering or related field with at least one semester/quarter remaining after internship.
A year or two of internship or classroom experience in product development preferred.
Excellent debugging skills and drive to develop innovative hardware.
Ability to understand, contribute to and improve the hardware solutions we develop.
Ability to drive collaborative efforts effectively across multiple disciplines.
Ability to think strategically, be creative and innovate ways to communicate and visualize user experiences.
Results-driven with a strong attention to detail and technical problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability to analyze hardware and firmware designs.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Knowledge of embedded programming and C/C++/C# concepts is preferred.
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Tupelo, MS 38804
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering

2-5 years experience in a manufacturing/industrial environment

Must be PLC, motion, & automated equipment controls orientated

Preferred Qualifications:
PE license and CMRP or a reliability certification

Cooper Tire is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We strive to recruit, develop and retain top candidates by providing an engaging culture and opportunities to grow and develop. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, status as an individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Design Engineer - Oakland, CA
Qualifications:

2 or more years of experience and a portfolio of previous projects with complex digital designs
In-depth understanding of high-speed PCB layout
Proficient with schematic capture software
BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering (or a related field)
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Self-driven with an ability to execute

Preferred/Bonus Qualifications:

4 or more years of total EE experience
Experience with RF design
An interest in camera systems
Experience building FCT fixtures for manufacturing

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Traction Power Engineer - Oakland, CA 94621
Qualifications and skills:
 BS in Electrical Engineering and a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience
 Familiarity with specific design requirements related to AC and DC traction power systems in transportation
or a related field such as industrial or electric utility power distribution systems
 Understanding of, or willingness to quickly learn, American National Standards Institute, IEEE and other
applicable standards
 Familiarity with general industrial, utility or traction power system analysis (i.e. load flow and fault studies) or
willingness to learn
 Strong math skills and deep understanding of physics and engineering principles is essential
 Competent verbal and written English language skills
 Ability to travel occasionally to client facilities and meetings
 Familiarity with railway or rail rapid transit systems and concepts preferred, or will train
 Experience in power system modeling, simulation and analysis is a plus
 Familiarity with MS Office suite

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Solar and Storage Product Development Engineer - Arlington, VA
Qualifications<br/>The preferred candidate will have a background in electrical engineering and product development in the power conversion and/or renewables space with a minimum of an undergraduate degree and 4-10 years of work experience. Salary is commensurate with experience. Experience with solar and/or energy storage is strongly preferred.Required: Electrical engineering, controls engineering, and/or product development experience with energy storage, PV systems, microgrids, or other integrated DC/AC electrical systemsFamiliarity with DC/AC or DC/DC converter operation; some past experience designing or modeling power conversion devices is a plusKnowledge of utility grid interconnection standards in the U.S. or abroad, such as UL/IEEE standards and local interconnection requirementsDemonstrates sound business judgment.Takes individual initiative and works with minimal supervision while being a collaborative team player.Possesses an entrepreneurial drive for getting things done and a “whatever it takes” attitude.Has excellent English verbal and writing skills, additional languages or international work experience is a plus.Preferred: Familiarity with utility scale PV systems design, control, and monitoringExperience writing technical specifications for equipment procurementKnowledge of or history working with major component suppliers in the solar or battery storage industry, such as inverters, PV panels, or lithium ion battery modulesExperience qualifying products to product standards with NRTLs (i.e. UL, Intertek, CSA) is a plusFamiliarity with BMS communication protocols, i.e. ModbusTCP, CANbusFluence IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER and fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity, to ensure that all applicants and employees are considered for hire, promotion, and job status without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mechanical Engineer (Entry Level) - Palatine, IL 60067
Qualifications: </i>4-year degree from an accredited institutionRegistration as an Engineer-in-Training or ability to obtain an EIT0-5 years experienceStrong organizational, writing, interpersonal and communication skillsAbility to work closely in a team environmentFrom day one at Wold you will:Be in a position to influence design of multi-million dollar projects.Be part of an integrated team of architects, interior designers, mechanical and electrical engineers focused on total design solutions for our public sector clients.Have an opportunity to develop leadership skills to prepare you to lead, direct and manage projects.Be part of a creative, energetic environment that allows you to be challenged and fulfill your potential.Wold offers competitive wages and a variety of benefits including health and dental insurance, life insurance, disability, personal time off, flexible spending accounts and a 401(k) plan. Wold is an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity employer.Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manufacturing Test Development Engineer, Software Tools - Atlanta, GA
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of experience in manufacturing or product validation test development.
2 years of experience working with Python.
2 years of experience in developing web-based software.

Preferred qualifications:

5 years of experience in manufacturing or hardware development, or software validation.
Experience in data Extract, Transform, and Load processes (ETL) for data collection and analysis.
Experience in web-based software developed using Python frameworks (e.g., Django, Flask, Pyramid, etc.).
Knowledge of Google’s Cloud Platform including use of BigQuery, Spanner, CloudSQL, AppEngine and Compute Engine.
About the job

Google has one of the largest and most powerful computing infrastructures in the world. Your team is responsible for providing the manufacturing capability to deliver this state-of-the-art physical infrastructure. As a Manufacturing Test Development Engineer, you evaluate the product designs and create the processes, tools and procedures behind Google's powerful search technology. When vendors build parts for our infrastructure, you're right there alongside ensuring manufacturing processes are repeatable and controlled. You collaborate with Commodity Managers and Design Engineers to determine Google's infrastructure needs and product specifications. Your work ensures the various pieces of Google's infrastructure fit together perfectly and keep our systems humming along smoothly for a seamless user experience.
As a Manufacturing Test Development Engineer, you will be responsible for gathering requirements and implementing the systems and processes required for Google’s manufacturing test and quality teams. This role will support the development of Google’s standard test executive platform, data collection systems and product specific software development around shop floor system integration, product specific provisioning and configuration systems and partner integration.
Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
Responsibilities

Develop test executive software and test automation frameworks. Develop software and infrastructure required for managing a fleet of test systems at scale to avoid manual configuration of test systems.
Develop test and quality data collection systems, and manage their deployment and roll-out at Google’s hardware manufacturing locations and partners.
Develop product specific software required for the configuration, programming and validation of Google’s hardware data center products.
Conduct test development in Python, developing new test strategies and platforms, analyzing new rack and computing configurations and creating test plans for new product introduction.
Conduct code reviews, debugging test failures. Develop and deploy the tests and validations that will be used for Google's server platforms, accelerators and machine racks.
Location



Atlanta, GA, USA

At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@google.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer II - Solar Group - United States
Qualifications
</h2><h2 class="jobSectionHeader">How do you succeed?</h2>
Demonstrate strong teamwork orientation, initiative, communication, problem-solving, and leadership skills
Detail orientation sufficient to organize and run multiple project tasks
Possess basic understanding of construction law, generally accepted business practices, construction techniques, and project management practices
Microsoft Office, project, and pertinent web application skills at an intermediate level
Positive professional attitude, and strong customer service skills
Interpret and communicate Mortenson policies effectively
Open to change based on diverse input and feedback
Effectively work with those of diverse backgrounds and organizational levels
Strong cross-cultural relationship building and influencing at all organizational levels
Consistent record of including diverse team members when assigning challenging and high-profile tasks
Working knowledge of NEC code and NE safety code a plus
Current driver’s license<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Education:</h2>
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering
Minimum three years in electrical construction management or electrical design
Solar utility experience preferred
This is a traveling field position
Mortenson is an EOE/Affirmative Action/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled employer.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Options</h2>
Apply for this job onlineApply
Share
Refer this job to a friendRefer
Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Manufacturing - Dallas, TX
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from accredited program. Minimum 3 years related experience (completion of master's degree in related field may be substituted for one year of experience). Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. This position requires an experienced and competent individual capable of successfully solving difficult problems that require adaptation and modification of standard techniques, procedures and criteria. Must be capable of devising new approaches to problems encountered. Completion of FE exam.
EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Job Electrical Engineering
Primary Location US-MO-Kansas City
Other Locations US-CO-Denver, US-IL-Downers Grove, US-TX-Dallas
Schedule: Full-time
About Burns & McDonnell
Burns & McDonnell is making the world a more amazing place with more than 5,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, scientists and consultants on staff and growing. We strive to create amazing success for our clients and amazing careers for our employee-owners. We take on some of the world’s toughest challenges with the industry’s best thinking.
We have offices and projects spanning the US and the globe. We are proud to rank among FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our culture of 100% employee ownership plays a major role in supporting that outcome. Each employee shares in the ownership of the firm, bringing the commitment of an owner to our projects. Clients appreciate that and have rewarded us with a 90% repeat business rate and decades-long partnerships. Pretty cool for a 100 year old firm that grows organically.
At Burns & McDonnell, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference every day while fulfilling your personal and professional ambitions. Our entrepreneurial culture lets you guide your destiny and shape the path your career travels. And with more than 350 service specialties, your career and development options are abundant.
Burns & McDonnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Req ID: 182123
LIBH

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Project Engineer - North Carolina
Qualifications

The ideal candidate will have an Electrical Engineering or Electrical Technical BS degree (or equivalent experience) and 1 – 3 years aerospace experience. Proof of US Citizenship is required. The following criteria will be additionally used to identify and assess top candidates:

Necessary Proficient demonstrated skills in Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Project, Power Point, and Visio
Necessary Documentation Skills
Ability to prioritize order requests by lead times and schedule requirements
Required Project Management
Desired Process Improvement
Necessary Technical Understanding
Ability to interact with Customers and Suppliers
Preferred Technical Writing
Proficient in applying technical details to test specification documents
Necessary conducting formal presentations

Foster Teamwork: Work cooperatively and effectively with others to set goals, resolve problem, and make decisions that enhance organizational effectiveness.
Lead: Positively influence others to achieve results that are in the best interest of the organization.
Make Decisions: Assess situations to determine the importance, urgency and risks, and make clear decisions which are timely and in the best interests of the organization.
Organize: Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities.
Solve Problems: Assess problem situations to identify causes, gather and process relevant information, generate possible solutions, and make recommendations and/or resolve the problem.

Secondary Job Functions:
At QuEST, we often challenge our team members to temporarily work outside the scope of their primary job functions to broaden their skills and help the organization. Some of these roles and opportunities include:

Execution within multiple services
Develop work instructions to ensure repeatability

Personal Work Attributes

Personal Traits & Attributes: Strong Attention to Detail, Responsible, Confident decision-making ability, Leadership, Excellent Communication Skills, Professional, Energetic, Thorough, Great Organizational Skills, Service Oriented, Alignment to the QuEST Culture and Core Values

Core Value Alignment:
Customer Focus: Strive to exceed our customers’ expectations each and every time
Teamwork: Draw strength from teamwork / collaboration irrespective of geographical, organizational, and cultural boundaries.
Accountability: We shall be quality conscious, process disciplined and strive for continuous improvement.
Change Championship: The speed at which we adapt is critical to our success.

QuEST’s continued success is based on the sustained alignment to the core values. Please be prepared to discuss the alignment of your personal values to these core values.

Typical Career Paths

Technical Leadership: provide technical guidance, review other team members’ work, evaluate capabilities, develop team competencies, develop and improve technical processes, create technical collateral, and create technical tools.
Managerial Leadership: project management, personnel management, alignment of team members’ efforts, set and evaluates annual goals, performance feedback, hire and onboard and strategic business decision-making.
QuEST is a rapidly growing world-wide company with a need for future global engineering leaders in our operations and sales organizations. Potential future roles could include operational business unit leader, global sales leader, or technical service line leader.

Physical Requirements & Work Environment:

Mostly Office Environments. Occasional Shop Floor involvement
Substantial amounts of telephone and computer work.
Flexibility to meet business deadlines by staying late or arriving early.
Typical 8 hour days plus lunch / 40 hour weeks / core (required) hours are 9 AM to 4 PM
Ability to use personal transportation to visit customer locations.
Due to the nature of the work, all candidates must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident.

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Location: Windsor, CT
Travel: As required by Customer Purchase Order - Variable
Compensation Type: Salary Exempt
Status: Full Time
Reports to: Program Manager/Team Lead
Contact: TAT_NA@quest-global.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer I/II (Public Works) - San Jose, CA 95110
Qualifications

1. Education: Bachelor's degree in Engineering from an accredited college or university. Applicants who are enrolled in their final semester or quarter leading to graduation may apply prior to receiving their Baccalaureate Degree but will not be employed until they have graduated.

2. Acceptable Substitutions for Education: Certificate of successful completion of the Engineer-In-Training (EIT) examination issued by the California State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors may be substituted for the required education.

3. Experience:
Engineer I - No minimum experience required.
Engineer II - One (1) year of increasingly responsible professional engineering experience at a level equivalent to Engineer I with the City of San Jose.

4. Licensing: Possession of a Certificate of Registration as a Civil Engineer (PE) issued by the California State Board of Registration for Civil and Professional Engineers is desirable but not required. Possession of a valid driver's license in the State of California may be required.
Employment Eligibility: Federal law requires all employees to provide verification of their eligibility to work in this country. Please be informed that the City of San Jose will NOT sponsor, represent or sign any documents related to visa applications/transfers for H1-B or any other type of visa which requires an employer application.

The ideal candidate will possess the following competencies, as demonstrated in past and current employment history. Desirable competencies for this position include:
Job Expertise: Demonstrates job related knowledge of and experience with applicable professional/technical principles and practices, Citywide and departmental procedures/policies and federal and state rules and regulations.

Communication Skills: Communicates and listens effectively and responds in a timely, effective, positive and respectful manner; written reports and correspondence are accurate, complete, current; well-organized, legible, concise, neat, and in proper grammatical form.

Computer Skills - Experienced with common business and engineering drafting computer applications including but not limited to MS Outlook, MS Word, MS Excel, Adobe, MS Access, and PowerPoint.

Team Work & Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates a positive attitude and flexibility along with the ability to develop effective relationships with co-workers and supervisors by helping others accomplish tasks and using collaboration and conflict resolution skills.

Analytical Thinking: Approaching a problem or situation by using a logical, systematic, sequential approach.

Customer Service: Demonstrates the ability to anticipate customers' needs and deliver services effectively and efficiently in a timely, accurate, respectful and friendly manner.

Initiative: Exhibits resourceful behaviors toward meeting job objectives; anticipates problems, is proactive, and avoids difficulties by planning ahead; displays willingness to assume extra responsibility and challenges; pursues continuing education opportunities that promotes job performance.
Planning: Acts to align own unit’s goal with the strategic direction of the organization; defines tasks and milestones to achieve objectives, while ensuring the optimal use of resources to meet those objectives.

Problem Solving - Approaches a situation or problem by defining the problem or issue, determines the significance of problem(s), collects data and information, then uses logic and intuition to arrive at decisions or solutions to problems that achieve the desired outcome.

Project Management: Ensures support for projects and implements agency goals and strategic objectives.


Selection Process
To apply, please complete an application via the City of San Jose’s website at www.sanjoseca.gov/citycareers. The final filing date for this job announcement is January 9, 2019.
The selection process will consist of an evaluation of the applicant's training and experience based on the application and responses to the Job Specific Questions. Only the candidates whose backgrounds best match the position will be invited to proceed in the selection process. Additional phases of the selection process will consist of one or more interviews, one of which may include a practical/writing exercise.

<i>You will be prompted to answer the following job-specific questions during the online application process. You must answer all job-specific questions in order to be considered for this vacancy or your application will be deemed incomplete and withheld from further consideration. Please note that there is a 4,000-character limit, including spaces, for each text response.</i>
Please attach your resume as part of your application submittal.

Please list any degrees you possess, including specific area of study, and institution from which it was obtained.
If you possess an Engineer-in-Training (EIT) Certificate and/or valid Professional Engineer (PE) Certificate issued by the State of California or reciprocal state, please specify the type of certificate, certificate number, issuing authority, and expiration date as applicable. If this does not apply, please enter "N/A" for not applicable.
Please describe your overall experience working in professional level engineering. List position titles, employer, brief description of job duties, and number of years in each position. Your explanation must be consistent with your work history and resume.
Please describe your work that supports your self-assessment using Microstation or AutoCAD.
Please provide specific examples of your work that supports your experience in delivery of capital projects (e.g. conducting research, design, feasibility studies, bidding, construction and/or post construction of capital projects). Please include your role in each example.
The Public Works Department is a customer-oriented department and has a goal of having every employee willingly strive to exceed the expectations of their customers. What is your customer service philosophy?
If you have questions about the duties of these positions, the selection or hiring processes, please contact Colin Braslin at colin.braslin@sanjoseca.gov.

5.
Additional Information

Benefits: http://www.sanjoseca.gov/index.aspx?NID=707
Department: http://www.sanjoseca.gov/index.aspx?NID=208

The application deadline is 11:59 PM on the closing date. Please allow adequate time to complete the application and submit before the deadline or the system may not save your application. If your online application was successfully submitted, you will receive an automatic confirmation email to the email address you provided. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE CONFIRMATION, please email CityCareers@sanjoseca.gov and we will research the status of your application. Please contact Human Resources at (408) 535-1285, or Human.Resources@sanjoseca.gov if you have any questions.



Job: Technical & sub professional engineering
Organization: Public Works
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Posting: Dec 21, 2018, 11:41:59 AM
Minimum Salary: 75,192.00
Maximum Salary: 99,964.80
Bargaining Unit 1: Association of Engineers and Architects

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Data Scientist, Engineering - New York, NY 10011
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:

MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Preferred qualifications:

PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.
4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.
Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.
Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
About the job

As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Responsibilities

Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.
Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.
Location



New York, NY, USA

At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@google.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Embedded Engineer - Englewood, CO 80111
Qualifications

Must have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering
Must have experience using VxWorks development suites, including Workbench tools for VxWorks JTAG ICE.
Target environment includes PPC and LEON (Sparc) processor families in VME, PCI, and custom backplane environments.
Linux Support Package (LSP) experience is a significant plus.
Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
SEAKR offers competitive compensation and excellent benefits.
Location: Colorado.



 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGER - Cornwall, ON
Requirements
The individual requires an Electrical Engineering degree recognized by the PEO. The individual requires a strong engineering knowledge of electrical, electronic and control theory to understand system performance under fault conditions. Knowledge and experience with projects in HV, LV, controls, MCCs, VFDs, Starters, structured design criteria and current technologies is necessary to advise and guide staff and clients on a number of projects. The position requires the ability to coordinate with utilities, clients and contractors as requested on matters pertaining to electrical project execution and control. The individual will need to collaborate and cooperate with other internal project managers and drafting personnel to discuss and reach common agreement on work matters. The position will entail assigning, verifying and providing work assignments and technical direction to staff. The position also requires interfacing with and reporting to the Company Principals on matters of project budgets and status.
Experience
7 – 15 years industrial electrical and project management experience.
NEC and OESC experience putting theory into practice and the nature, layout and inter-relationship of electrical
 systems and protection & control facilities.
Experience in troubleshooting defects and correcting faulty equipment.
Experience in reviewing and altering existing customer electrical installations and recommending improvements to
 suit their needs.
Proven record of independent thinking and action.
Education
Candidate must possess an Electrical Engineering degree recognized by the PEO.
Qualifications for this position include:
Experienced in project management and associated tools.
Registration with PEO.
Sound understanding of design processes in an industrial and commercial environment.
Good presentation skills and excellent oral and written communication skills in English.
Working knowledge in CADD would be an asset.
Strong interpersonal abilities.
Proven capabilities in meeting project deliverables and requirements.
Ability to travel freely to and from the United States and must possess a valid Driver’s License.
Qualified individuals are invited to forward their resume including references and cover letter to:
MAIL: Engineering For Industry (EFI) - Human Resources
34 South Branch Road, Cornwall, ON K6K 1T4
FAX: 613-936-8451
EMAIL: careers@engineeringforindustry.com
We thank all applicants for their response. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Team Lead - Kitimat, BC
Requirements:

Degree in electrical or equivalent with minimum of 10 -12 years experience in oil and gas, with 7 of those in supervisory role.
P. Eng licensed to practice in the province of BC (APEGBC) or Engineer eligible for APEGBC registration.
Experience in both maintenance execution support and major project teams.
Record of electrical inspection, design input, commissioning, reliability/integrity assurance and turnarounds.
Recognized as Senior Authorized Electrical Person.
Proven track record of leading teams and demonstrable delivery of value to customers.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, and able to recognize potential discipline opportunities / threats.
Well-versed in HSSE policies, processes, operation standards, procedures and in particular Canadian regulatory requirements.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, the ability to listen well, good organizational skills, comfortable with change and being able to respond rapidly to it.
Experience in SAP, spare parts selection and managing budgets.
Strong supervisory/leadership skills in engaging and coaching discipline staff to reach their potential.

Work Locations: Initially located in Calgary, AB followed by relocation to Kitimat, BC.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Controls Manager - Ancaster, ON
Requirements
A technical degree or diploma in Electrical Engineering Technology or similar and relevant industrial experience
5+ years controls management experience
Solid understanding of electrical design, PLC and robot programming, SQL database
Must be able to troubleshoot electrical circuits and equipment as needed
Mechanical aptitude
Demonstrated Team Management skills
Willing to travel local and overseas up to 10% of the time
Ability to perform duties under deadline pressure in a fast paced environment
Excellent communications, negotiating, conflict management, and problem solving skills
Able to communicate effectively, both written and verbally, at all levels of the organization
High level of integrity and dependability with a strong sense of urgency and results orientation
Benefits
Extended Healthcare Plan (Medical, Disability, Dental & Vision)
Group Life - AD&D - Critical Illness Insurance
Training & Development
Bonus Eligible
Employee Discounts
Bonus - Awards - Gifts
Employee Assistance Program - Counselling
Fantastic Pension Plan
Great Health & Dental Benefits
Short & long term disability plans
Employee BBQ's and events
Annual safety shoe and glasses allowances

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Controls Tech - Camrose, AB
Requirements


Requirements
Electrical Engineering Technologist or Electronics Engineering Technologist diploma or Journeyman Electrician with minimum 3 years PLC and VFD troubleshooting and programming experience
Well-organized self-starter, capable of budgeting time to meet priorities, while maintaining accuracy and functionality
Strong written and oral communication skills with demonstrated ability to write technical documents and specifications
Knowledge of electrical theory, industrial power equipment, DC & AC drives, and instrumentation and control systems
Ability to read and interpret electrical, mechanical, and hydraulic schematics and drawings
Experience with troubleshooting techniques on manufacturing equipment/processes
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Ability to work in heat, humidity, fumes, odors, dust and noise
Relevant experience with Allen Bradley PLC and HMI Software
Experience with AutoCAD, preferred

All applicants must be legally able to work in Canada without sponsorship.


EVRAZ is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, and Veterans.

At EVRAZ North America, we manufacture steel. We also manufacture excellence, drive success and build careers for our employees. Our people come from diverse backgrounds, but share a common set of values and the same goal of creating the best possible solution for our customers.

With more than 4,500 team members in the U.S. and Canada, EVRAZ offers well-paying jobs and a comprehensive range of employee benefits. Our total compensation package includes benefits such as:

Competitive wages and bonus opportunities
Family medical, dental, vision and prescription coverage at minimal employee cost
Short and long term disability programs
Competitive retirement plans
Paid vacations
Apprenticeship and career advancement within the company
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Design Engineering Manager - Vaughan, ON
Requirements:

Experience and understanding of Manufacturing process, Automobile assembly, and testing (7+ years)
Strong command of Solidworks (7+ years)
Experience supervising/leading a team (5+ years) Asset:
Technical Degree or Diploma
Strong Communication skills
familiarity Compliance and Standards along with ISO procedures

The organization is a leading machine manufacturer in the Greater Toronto Area. They have secured a strong pipeline of projects by diversifying to cater automotive clients across Canada, US, and Mexico.

Duties Responsibilities include but not limited to:

Designing tools and machines, factoring all required engineering concepts such as materials stress and strength, RPM, Hp and all other variables
Analyzing schematics and engineering drawings to extrapolate the shape, dimensions, hardness and other properties in the development of equipment, processes, and products.
Creating detailed and working drawings using SolidWorks and generating a BOM as required
Make sure all ISO standards are in place, match other compliance standards such as OSHA, CE or anything needed for the customer.
Report all progress to Executive Management
Communicate with end clients on design requirements and changes, liaison with vendors for material selection, surface finishes, machining techniques, hardness, etc.
Keep drawing documents updated and revise as required
Being hands-on using tools such as verniers, callipers, and micrometres to measure and recreate existing tooling
Supervise and delegate tasks to the team to accomplish design projects
Work with other departments to incorporate into design features such as input and output requirements as required by electrical engineers or machine operations and process with PLC programmers
Select the tools used in the manufacturing of mechanical components and equipment

Interested in other similar roles? Check out all our current openings at:
www.theorbisinc.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Unit Head (Anticipatory) EN-ENG-05/PC-04 - Gatineau, QC
Requirements:

Willingness and ability to work overtime on short noticeWillingness and ability to travel in Canada and internationally<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Conditions of employment</h2>
Security: Various (e.g., Reliability, Secret)
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Other information</h2>
The Public Service of Canada is committed to building a skilled and diverse workforce that reflects the Canadians we serve. We promote employment equity and encourage you to indicate if you belong to one of the designated groups when you apply.
Information on employment equity
The essential qualifications that are listed are mandatory. Applicants must meet each essential qualification to be appointed to the position. An applicant may be appointed to the position even though he/she does not meet any or all of the asset qualifications. However, depending on the requirements of the position(s) being staffed from this process, for current or future vacancies, any or all of the asset qualifications, operational requirements, and organizational needs may be applied at the time of staffing. Candidates may be contacted and assessed against these criteria at any time during this process.

Asset qualifications, operational requirements and organizational needs may be used in the screening process or selection of candidates. Therefore candidates must clearly demonstrate in their application how they meet the asset criteria for education and experience.

You must provide proof of your education credentials.

Candidates with foreign credentials must provide proof of Canadian equivalency. Consult the Canadian Information Centre for International Credentials for further information at http://www.cicic.ca/.

A written exam and an interview will be administered.

Reference checks will be sought.

Our intention is to communicate with applicants by e-mail for
screening/assessment purposes. Applicants who apply to this selection process must include in their application a valid e-mail address and make sure this address is functional at all times and accepts messages from unknown users (some email systems block these types of email). It is the candidate’s responsibility to provide any changes to their personal information to the contact indicated on this job advertisement. Candidates should be aware that confidential information such as assessment results will be communicated via the provided email. Please ensure that you check your e-mail regularly.

Acknowledgement of receipt of applications will not be sent. We will contact candidates when the screening process is completed.

Persons are entitled to participate in the appointment process in the official language (French or English) of their choice. Applicants are asked to indicate their preferred official language in their cover letter. Please clearly identify your substantive group and level, your employment status, and PRI in your application.

If you are already working for the Public Service, please clearly identify your substantive group and level, your employment status, and PRI on your application.

Employees at the same group and level or equivalent may be considered for deployment.

We are committed to providing an inclusive and barrier-free work environment, starting with the hiring process. If you need to be accommodated during any phase of the evaluation process, please use the Contact information below to request special accommodation. All information received in relation to accommodation will be kept confidential. https://www.canada.ca/en/public-service-commission/jobs/services/gc-jobs/information-candidates/accommodations.html
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Preference</h2>
Preference will be given to veterans and to Canadian citizens, in that order, with the exception of a job located in Nunavut, where Nunavut Inuit will be appointed first.
Information on the preference to veterans

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Systems Engineer - Montréal, QC
Requirements Management, Test and trials, Security, Safety, Electromagnetic Interference (EMI)/ Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) or Environmental Qualification.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Lockheed Martin Canada is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity in the workplace. We are committed to excellence in serving all customers, including people with disabilities, and we encourage feedback on the provision of these services.
Job Expires03/12/2019

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Whitby, ON
Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent

5+ years of progressively responsible applicable experience including, 5+ years in a Consulting Engineering environment

Registration as a Professional Engineer in the Province of Ontario

Previous experience with an architectural/engineering or engineering consulting firm in design of electrical systems

Strong communication skills

Sound judgment supported by excellent technical, analytical and problem-solving skills

Able to work to tight schedules, control project budgets and motivate staff to do the same

Well organized, self-directed work habits with a demonstrated ability to prioritize and schedule tasks managing multiple projects simultaneously in a dynamic environment

Must be a good team player and decision maker

Must possess a valid driver's license

Preferred Qualifications

7+ years of progressively responsible applicable experience including, 5+ years in a Consulting Engineering environment

Have significant local experience in above mentioned markets with strong ties and background in the local market, Transit authorities and consulting community

Experience in supervising Junior staff on a project by project basis

Experience with Short Circuit protection co-ordination and Arc Flash studies

Experience with AutoCAD and Revit

Experience with DC Traction Power Systems

Some Project Management experience and training

Cost Center


Business Group

Design and Consulting Services Group (DCS)

What We Offer

When you join AECOM, you become part of a company that is pioneering the future . Our teams around the world are involved in some of the most cutting-edge and innovative projects and programs of our time, addressing the big challenges of today and shaping the built environment for generations to come. We ensure a workplace that encourages growth, flexibility and creativity, as well as a company culture that champions inclusion, diversity and overall employee well-being through programs supported by company leadership. Our core values define who we are, how we act and what we aspire to, which comes down to not only delivering a better world , but working to “make amazing happen” in each neighborhood, community and city we touch. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intern Talent Pool (Canada) - Canada
Requirements

A great attitude and enthusiasm for learning
Available from May – August, 2019
Mobility (inter/intra-provincial) is considered an asset
Completed or pursuing a diploma in a related field. Examples include:
Accounting / Finance
Building systems engineering / technician / technologist
Civil engineering / technician / technologist
Construction engineering technology
Construction management
Electrical engineering / technician / technologist
Environmental engineering / technician / technologist
Estimating
Health, Safety, and Environment
HR/Training
Instrumentation engineering / technician / technologist
IT
Mechanical engineering / technician / technologist
Nuclear/Power Generation
Project management
Power systems engineering / technician / technologist
Procurement / Supply Chain

 ----------------------------- 

<title>CO-02 Research &amp; Technology Advisor - Ontario
Requirements to apply</h2>
You must clearly demonstrate on your online application how you meet the essential staffing requirements to apply.
Education

Essential

A Master's or Ph.D. degree from a recognized university with specialization in a field of science or engineering relevant to the SR&ED program. Particular fields of interest are life sciences, computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, software engineering, mechanical engineering and civil/structural engineering.

Candidates possessing a bachelor's degree in engineering or computer science with an acceptable combination of education, training and/or experience will be considered as meeting the education requirements.

CRA will accept foreign credentials as long as they are considered acceptable by a recognized Canadian educational institution. Candidates with foreign education credentials are required to provide proof of Canadian equivalency. Any applicable fees are the responsibility of the candidate. For more information you may refer to the following link: Canadian Information Centre for International Credentials

You must attach a copy of your proof of education on your Candidate Profile before submitting your application.

Experience

Essential

Recent* and significant** experience in industrial research, academic research in an industrial setting, or experimental development in a field of science or technology relevant to the SR&ED Program or recent* and significant** experience in the SR&ED Program as a Research and Technology Officer, or a combination thereof. Note: * = generally, within the last seven (7) years, ** = generally, three (3) years or more of experience.

Language

Essential

Language - for Bilingual positions in Ottawa only
Second Language Evaluation (SLE) - CBC/CBC

Please note: Second Language Evaluations may occur during the assessment stage. However, this remains a Pre-requisite staffing requirement.

In the case where you have previously written the SLE, and your results are not in ESS and you do not have the official copy of your results, you can send a request to the Public Service Commission by fax at (613) 992-9694. Please refer to the attached link for further information:confirmation of results
Once received, please fax a copy of your results to416-952-8334 indicating the requisition number.

Please also attach the following documents to your on-line application:

A résumé;
A maximum two page submission describing in detail your work experience and how it relates to the essential and discretionary experience prerequisites specified in this notice.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Language Requirements</h2>
Various Language Requirements<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Staffing requirements to be assessed/applied</h2>
Any essential staffing requirements indicated below will be assessed/applied at a later date. Any discretionary staffing requirements indicated below may be applied/assessed at a later date.
Any essential staffing requirements indicated below will be assessed/applied at a later date. Any discretionary staffing requirements indicated below may be applied/assessed at a later date.

The following qualifications WILL. be assessed using locally developed tools and will not be portable to other selection processes. Candidates must achieve the pass mark indicated below in each qualification.

Essential Assessment:

Ability to make decisions – Interview – (pass mark 60%)
Ability to provide service to clients – Interview – (pass mark 60%)
Ability to resolve conflict – Interview – (pass mark 60%)
Ability to deal with difficult situations – Interview – (pass mark 60%)
Ability to communicate orally – Interview – (pass mark 60%)
Ability to write business/scientific correspondence – Written exam – (pass mark 60%)
Ability to work cooperatively in a team – Interview – (pass mark 60%)

Results from locally developed assessment tools may be used for appointment

Additional Staffing Requirements

Essential

Performance confirmation

The required performance levels for appointments from this staffing process are:

For temporary or permanent lateral moves:

Candidates* must have achieved a performance level of 'Results mostly meet expectations' or level 2 or higher on the most recent finalized performance report for the most recent performance cycle.

For actings or permanent promotions:

Candidates* must have achieved a performance level of 'Results meet expectations' or level 3 or higher on the most recent finalized performance report for the most recent performance cycle.

If a candidate doesn't have the required performance level, the candidate will not proceed further in the staffing process.

If a candidate is not a Canada Revenue Agency employee, reasonable efforts will be made to confirm whether or not the candidate's performance is currently meeting expectations. This verification will be done through a reference check. If the candidate's performance is not currently meeting expectations, the candidate will not proceed further in the staffing process.

Discretionary (Asset)

Experience in field of science
Duration and complexity of experience relating to the job being staffed
Start date
Employment equity

Conditions of Employment

Essential

Reliability/Security: Reliability Status
Travel required.
Valid driver's license or personal mobility to a degree normally associated with the possession of a driver's license.
Overtime may be required
Use of a laptop computer as a primary work tool

Appointment

Appointments made from this staffing process will be based on one or more of the staffing requirement(s) identified on this notice.<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
General information</h2>
For information on how to apply, communication during the staffing process, foreign credentials, employment equity, accommodations during assessment, security status or clearance, and our code and conflict of interest requirements refer to the general information page http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/crrs/srch/tps-eng.html.

CRA employees are dedicated to serving in the public interest and have worked hard to earn the trust of Canadians. The Code of integrity and professional conduct and the Directive on conflict of interest, gifts and hospitality, and post-employment are important documents that outline the expected standards of conduct for CRA employees. We strongly recommend that you take the time to review these documents before you consider an employment opportunity with the CRA. Please note that a conflict of interest arises whenever an employee's private interests and/or outside activities impair, or could be perceived to impair, their ability to make decisions with integrity, impartiality, honesty, and in the best interests of the CRA and the Government of Canada.



Applicants can view the status of their application by logging into their Candidate profile on our Careers at the CRA site

Second Language Evaluation (SLE)

Candidates applying for bilingual positions must be able to demonstrate their capabilities to work in English and in French by achieving at least a CBC rating on the Public Service Commission's Second Language Evaluation (SLE) test. The SLE is designed to evaluate second language proficiency to the required linguistic profile. The first letter corresponds to the level for reading comprehension, the second letter corresponds to the level for written expression, and the third letter corresponds to the level for oral proficiency. For more information on the SLE test, please click Second Language Evaluation (SLE).

Before submitting an application, potential applicants are asked to carefully review the requirements of this job opportunity to determine if they are eligible to apply.

Applicants from the general public who do not meet the eligibility requirements in order to apply on this staffing process will not be considered and will not be contacted.

Pools
1 English and 1 French pool of eligible candidates will be established for this staffing process.

This selection process may be used to staff positions in the following locations:
1 Front Street West, Toronto, Ontario
333 Laurier Avenue West, Ottawa, Ontario
5800 Hurontario Street, Mississauga, Ontario
50 Queen Street, Kitchener, Ontario
451 Talbot Street, London, Ontario
55 Bay Street North, Hamilton, Ontario
185 Ouellette Ave, Windsor, Ontario

Any expenses incurred by candidates from the general public in connection with this staffing process, will be borne by the candidates themselves.
Upon your acceptance of a permanent offer of employment, you will no longer be eligible for appointment from this process.

Other

Please note that this is an inventory status process. This means that the screening and assessment of candidates will occur on a cyclical basis. The closing date specified on this Notice of Job Opportunity is subject to change, either to extend the notice period where insufficient candidates apply, or to shorten the notice period where an overabundance of candidates apply.

Veterans' Hiring Act (VHA)

The VHA allows current and honourably released former Canadian Forces (CF) members to continue serving Canadians by granting them access to employment opportunities within the federal public service. In order to be considered, these current and former CF members must have at least three years of service and must not already be permanently employed in the CRA or federal public service.

In support of the VHA, the CRA has committed to allowing members and former members of the Canadian Forces access to apply on internal CRA staffing processes (open to CRA employees only)and CRA's interdepartmental staffing processes (open to CRA and federal public service employees). As a result, internal CRA job opportunities are posted on CRA's external Careers website for this purpose. Links to notices of job opportunities for internal CRA staffing processes and CRA's interdepartmental staffing processes are also posted on the jobs.gc.ca"> website. This access to internal federal public service jobs is limited to a period of up to five years after honourable release.

Current and honourably released former CF members applying to this staffing process are required to include the details of the Member's Personnel Record Resume (MPRR) or other official documents or pieces of identification (for example, a copy of their release letter), which are documents issued by the Department of National Defence (DND) with their application to confirm their eligibility to apply.

If the current or former Canadian Forces member does not have a MPRR, he or she may contact Department of National Defence's Director of Casualty Support Management (DCSM) at 1(800) 883-6094 or DCSM-DGSB@forces.gc.ca for a copy of their MPRR or other official documents. For information on requesting a determination regarding status as a medically-released veteran, visit Veterans Affairs Canada.

Preferred Status

Before appointments are made from this staffing process, priority for appointment will be given to individuals with CRA preferred status. Members of the Canadian Forces released for medical reasons attributable to service will be given priority for appointment before all other individuals with CRA preferred status. Priority for appointment will be in the following order:

1. Members of the Canadian Forces released for medical reasons attributable to service with preferred status.
2. Individuals with either CRA surplus preferred status or CRA lay-off preferred status who live and/or work within the general rule of minimum distance of the position.
3. All other individuals with CRA preferred status who live and/or work within the general rule of minimum distance of the position.

Employment Equity

If Employment Equity is used as a staffing requirement to appoint from this staffing process, all candidates and all individuals with preferred status will have to meet the staffing requirements identified on this NOJO in order to be considered for appointment.

Security Status/Clearance

An integral part of the Personnel Screening Program requires that all candidates being appointed into the CRA be subject to a reliability check. This includes the verification of reliability, employment history, and police records and could include fingerprinting. The Personnel Screening Program was implemented to protect information that is departmentally sensitive or sensitive to the national interest by ensuring that all persons engaged by CRA meet standards of reliability, trustworthiness and loyalty required by the nature of their duties or tasks.

When attending any tests and/or interview sessions, candidates may be required to complete Personnel Screening forms so that a reliability check can be conducted. When completing the personnel security clearance form, you will be required to provide complete addresses for the places you resided in the last FIVE YEARS, including the year(s) and month(s) for each residence. If you were residing outside of Canada in the last five years, you may experience a delay in obtaining a security status/clearance.

In addition, candidates may be required to provide the original and photocopies of two of the documents listed below. Please note that one must be a photo ID. Photocopying services will not be provided.
Valid Canadian passportOther passports with a Certificate of Citizenship or Permanent Resident cardBirth CertificateBaptismal CertificateValid Canadian driver's licenseFederal Public Service issued ID card

Testing

Throughout the selection process, it is your responsibility to make yourself available for all testing and interview dates for which you are invited. If you fail to attend any of the scheduled testing or interview sessions, you will be deemed to be no longer interested in this selection process and as a result, you will not be considered further.

To help facilitate scheduling, candidates MUST notify us of any leave plans and any change of address or contact information that may occur throughout this selection process by sending an email to TCTSO_SR&ED_CPB@cra-arc.gc.ca. Failure to attend any testing and/or interviews will signify you are no longer interested in this selection process and, as a result, your application will not be given further consideration.

If special circumstances (such as vacation or sickness) prevent you from having access to your email system OR if you do not have access to an email system, it is your responsibility to inform us. Furthermore, if you DO NOT wish to receive results by email, it is your responsibility to inform us. In this case, there will be a delay from the time we issue the letters, until you receive them.

Contact
Email address: TCTSO_SR&ED_CPB@cra-arc.gc.ca<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Appointment</h2>
Before proceeding with appointments from this staffing process, the manager will give priority for appointment to individuals with CRA preferred status.

Appointments made from this staffing process will be based on one or more of the staffing requirement(s) identified on this notice.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer in Training (EIT) - Nanaimo, BC
Requirements:
Degree in Civil Engineering from an accredited university with 1-3 years of experience in a similar role
Registration in good standing as an Engineer-In-Training (EIT) in British Columbia, or eligibility to be registered
Proficiency in the application of specialized design software, particularly Civil 3D, as well as other related software
Experience in a consulting engineering environment is an asset
High productivity, attention to detail, effective verbal and written communication skills, and an ability to work well in a team environment.


If this is the opportunity for you, apply now or visit www.mcelhanney.com/careers: to apply online. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.


<i>As the second largest city on Vancouver Island which has earned the title “Canada’s Sunporch,” Nanaimo is a thriving mix of restaurants, music venues, shops, galleries, and unique cultural elements—such as the world-famous Bathtub Races! Nanaimo is host to a multitude of retail opportunities including the largest mall on Vancouver Island - Woodgrove Centre. Nanaimo also offers natural beauty at every turn, from mountain wilderness to spectacular beaches, with vast recreational opportunities for everyone.</i>

<i>McElhanney is committed to fostering a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion which celebrates the successes that comes from a team diverse in expertise, experiences, and perspectives. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, welcoming all ethnicities, religions, colour, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability, or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply.</i>

<i>McElhanney is aware of activities where individuals have received fraudulent job offers. Please be advised that McElhanney will not ask applicants for any form of monetary exchange at any point in the recruitment process. To learn more visit: </i><i>www.mcelhanney.com/careers/fraud-warning</i>

<i>The disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy and applicable law, including to third party service providers may result in your personal information being transferred outside of Canada, including to the United States. Such transferred personal information may be subject to the laws of these other countries and the laws of other countries regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information may be different from the laws of Canada.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Manager Electrical - Labrador City, NL
Requirements</i><i>Experience of Electrical Project Management in Mineral and Mining processing</i><i>A degree Qualification in Electrical Engineering</i><i>Professional Engineer Designation PEng</i><i>Formal Project Management Leadership and Training Experience</i><i>Demonstrated communication skills and the ability to grow relationships </i><i>PMP certification beneficial</i><i>Circa 10+ years experience</i><i>Salary & Benefits</i><i>Salary and benefits will be discussed on a case by case basis, dependent upon experience.</i><i>You can expect an exceptional base salary</i><i>Plus Bonus, Medical Dental and other great benefits</i><i>If you would like more information on this role or other roles in Canada and the US, please visit the Stafford Lawrence Ltd Linkedin page for detailed information.</i><i>Stafford Lawrence are based in the UK and have been recruiting for Construction Engineering and Mining Candidates for 20 years.</i>Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $100,000.00 to $120,000.00 /yearExperience:Project Management: 10 years (Preferred)Licence:Canadian National or Resident (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Permit to Work Isolation Authority - St. John&#39;s, NL
RequirementsUniversity graduation or graduation from a technical collegeAdditional training in Health and Safety Management is an asset.Certified Auditor training in ISO 9001, ISO 14001, or ISO 18001 is desirable.Certified Red Seal Electrical worker with Inter-Provincial License is an asset.CRSP, CSP, or equivalent designation is an asset.10+years extensive experience working on large capital construction projects;Experience with construction of hydroelectric projects, with focus on turbine and generator, hydro-mechanical equipment, and balance of plant installation and commissioning considered an assetGood knowledge of engineering principles, standards and regulations relating to construction, and safety standardsDemonstrated experience with identification of construction problems and resolution through design change noticeJob Type: ContractExperience:large capital construction: 10 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (Instrumentation &amp; Control) - Blainville, QC
Requirements:</h2>

QUALIFICATIONS & REQUIREMENTS:
Undergraduate degree in electrical Engineering or related discipline (GPA);

Member of the “ Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec”

Minimum Five (5) years of experience in a similar position or in project design and execution;

Testing and field start experience (asset);

Very good knowledge of process control systems and apparatus;

Knowledge of established electrical standards (essential);

Knowledge in process equipment, pressure, temperature transmitter, P&ID control and motor control by VFD (essential);

Knowledge of EPlan, Autocad and MS Visio software (considerable asset);
Knowledge of PLC brand Allen Bradley families 5000 and 500 (asset);

Knowledge of Microsoft Office software (essential)

Bilingual (English and French);

Must have a professional attitude oriented towards efficiency and results;

Ability to work on several projects simultaneously within tight deadlines and different project complexities;

Demonstrate an excellent ability to communicate in writing and verbally;

Previous experience on the field (an asset).

TRAVEL:
Travel for periods of one to three weeks, once or twice a year in North America and internationally
(Must have a valid passport or the possibility of obtaining one).

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Permit to Work Isolation Authority - Newfoundland and Labrador
Requirements</h3>
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:

University graduation or graduation from a technical college
Additional training in Health and Safety Management is an asset.
Certified Auditor training in ISO 9001, ISO 14001, or ISO 18001 is desirable.
Certified Red Seal Electrical worker with Inter-Provincial License is an asset.
CRSP, CSP, or equivalent designation is an asset.
RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:

~ 10+years extensive experience working on large capital construction projects;
Experience with construction of hydroelectric projects, with focus on turbine and generator, hydro-mechanical equipment, and balance of plant installation and commissioning considered an asset;
Good knowledge of engineering principles, standards and regulations relating to construction, and safety standards;
Demonstrated experience with identification of construction problems and resolution through design change notice;
Demonstrated ability to verbally and graphically convey problem resolution to engineering and construction parties;
Knowledge of the construction materials standards and approved testing methodologies established by the Canadian
Standards Association (CSA) and other standards organizations;
Working knowledge of Quality Control and Quality Assurance procedures;
Experience in stakeholder management and communications considered an asset;
Demonstrated safety and environmental record;
Aboriginal, diversity and cultural awareness;
JOB REQUIREMENTS, WORKING CONDITIONS, ETC.:

Willingness to adhere to Nalcor Energy's values;
Must be able to work effectively as a key member of the Integrated Project Delivery team within amulti-functional team environment (matrix style organization structure);
Candidate must have strong technical and communication skills to effectively interact with Contractor and owner teams;
Willingness to work at site on a turnaround arrangement;
Must possess a valid driver's license and be eligible to drive in Newfoundland and Canada.
Must be able to work in acollaborative /supportive manner with stakeholders.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Offer</h3>
Dovre Group is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage applications from anyone meeting the requirements for this position.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Manager - Electrical - Abbotsford, BC
Requirements;Understand and complete reviews of tender packages at various stages and the scope of work within each.Participate in site walks & meetings.Assist in developing and maintaining a comprehensive master program schedule and phasing plan.Work as an integral part of the Integrated Project Team (IPT) and provide constructability input throughout duration.Provide cost estimating and cost validation services at 95% DD to assist with the value engineering processes.Provide advice with respect to construction market conditions.Assist with commissioning, cutover and handover plans including system sequencing, timelines and expected start-up requirements.Assist with de-commissioning plans including system sequencing, timelines and expected shutdown requirements.Assist throughout the procurement phase in reviewing contractor / supplier quotes, RFIs and general inquires related to electrical.Assist the design team throughout construction in managing electrical contractors.Job Type: Full-time (On-Site)Location: Vancouver Airport (YVR)Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Systems Engineer, Electronic Warfare - Montréal, QC
Requirements Analysis
Provide support for System Modelling and Design
Provide support for definition and tracking of Technical Performance Metrics (TPMs)
Provide support for System Architecture and Design
Provide support for System Integration Planning
Provide support for Design Documentation
Provide support for Verification and Validation
Follow systems engineering processes and best practices.
Employee TypeFull Time
Business Environment
Lockheed Martin Canada is the Canadian-based arm of Lockheed Martin Corporation, a global security and aerospace company employing 98,000 people worldwide, including nearly 1,000 Canadians. By applying innovative approaches of our highly skilled and experienced Canadian workforce, we have been Canada’s trusted defence and aerospace partner for over 75 years. We operate major facilities in Ottawa, Montreal, Halifax, Calgary and Victoria and work on a wide range of major programs from advanced naval technology products and unmanned systems software to providing delivery and in-service support of the latest military aircraft to commercial engine repair and overhaul capabilities.
Clearance required for roleSecret
Required skills, qualifications and experience
Possess a Bachelors’ degree from an accredited university in software, hardware, systems, mechanical, electrical or electronics engineering or a related discipline.
Desired skills, qualifications and experience

0-3 years of relevant professional experience with ASuW subsystems
Radars
Identification Friend or Foe (IFF)
Surface to Air Missile (SAM), Vertical Launch System
Fire Control System
Illuminator.
Equivalent experience/combined education will be considered
Communicate effectively with technical and non-technical members of the engineering/management staff and personnel assigned to related work
Aptitude for solving challenging problems in a team environment
Have a high degree of initiative and autonomy
Have a high learning ability
Ability to adapt and perform in a dynamic environment
Experience with Software, Systems, Hardware or Maintenance engineering lifecycles
Familiarity with SysML or other object-oriented design methodology
Familiarity with DOORS, Rhapsody, Clearcase, Clearquest or Windchill
Experience with Agile methods
Experience with Military Naval domain
Experience with Sensors, Weapons or Ship integration
Experience with Subcontract Management or Supply Chain Management
Experience with Change Management, Requirements Management, Test and trials, Security, Safety, Electromagnetic Interference (EMI)/ Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) or Environmental Qualification.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Lockheed Martin Canada is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity in the workplace. We are committed to excellence in serving all customers, including people with disabilities, and we encourage feedback on the provision of these services.
Job Expires03/12/2019

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Lead Electrical Design Engineer - Calgary, AB
Requirements: Proven track record of innovative design solutionsKnowledge in AC electric motors, drives and control panel designKnowledge of PLC programming and HMI devices an advantageKnowledge in national and international electrical codes and standardsExperience using CAD software (preferably EPLAN and Solid Works)Experience with designing equipment for use in hazardous areasAdvanced computer skills with Microsoft Office Suite of ProductsMust be self-motivated, capable of identifying problems and recommending alternative solutionsA proven self-starter able to demonstrate initiative, make technical decisions and resolve engineering roadblocks with the ability to demonstrate a high level of professional integrity at all timesStrong written and oral communication skills with demonstrated ability to conduct effective presentations and written report preparationMinimum Qualifications: Electrical Engineering degree with ideally ten years or more of direct relevant industry experience in electrical design. Technologist diploma may be considered with suitable industry related experience. An equivalent combination of related industry experience may be considered.APEGA or ASET member or eligibilityPreferred Qualifications: Experience in the design of oilfield drilling equipment within a electrical manufacturing disciplineExpertise in hazardous area classificationAdditional Details: Work is primarily in a climate controlled / office environment with minimal safety / health hazard potential. The employee is regularly required to sit, stand, or walk with occasional lifting (overhead, waist level) from floor, bending and frequent near vision use for reading and use of computer, telephone and other office equipment. Occasional travel maybe required.About Warrior: Warrior is a Calgary based company that is an industry leader in the development of innovative technologically-advanced pipe-handling equipment and systems for drilling rigs. If you are creative and like to be challenged, Warrior is the place for you.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Design: 1 year (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Fixed Plant Maintenance Planner - NW Ontario - 7/7 Rotation - Winnipeg, MB
RequirementsMechanical/Millwright / Electrical background in mineral processing plants utilizing gyratory crushing, SAG/Ball grinding and CIP processing.5 years’ experience in Maintenance as a senior Technician and / or 1 -2 years in a Maintenance Planner Role.Demonstrated organizational and planning skills.Ability to manage multiple projects at one time.Excellent communication skills.Proficiency with SAP or other equivalent softwareStrong knowledge of MS Office, MS Project and Excel capabilities of conditional formatting, pivot tables and formulas.Knowledge and understands the maintenance process and proper use of the work order system, planning and scheduling and storeroom processes.Experience with condition monitoring such as oil analysis, vibration analysis, ultrasonic testing, etc.Experience with a greenfield project, and implementation of maintenance software an asset.Why New Gold?Defined match contribution to group registered retirement savings accountPerformance-based incentive planRelocation allowance or camp accommodationHighly competitive base salary, compensation programs and an annual incentive planExtended health & Dental BenefitsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:mining or industrial setting: 2 years (Preferred)Fixed Maintenance Planning: 3 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer, Operations - Castlegar, BC
Requirements Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, plus 4-7 years’ electrical utility experience in system operations, protection, generation, transmission, or distribution engineering. Protection Engineering and/or System Operations Planning experience is an asset. Eligible for registration as a Professional Engineer (P.Eng) with EGBC.

Technical Competencies:

Demonstrated knowledge of AutoCAD, Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, and Access.
Demonstrated knowledge of engineering principles and practices.
General understanding of multi-disciplinary engineering concepts.
Exceptional organizational skills; manage multiple tasks, meet deadlines, and troubleshoot
Demonstrated knowledge of safe work practices, policies, and procedure.
Demonstrated knowledge of electrical power systems.
Demonstrated leadership skills.
Demonstrated technical writing skills.
Ability to correlate, analyze data, and report on findings.
Ability to identify and quantify risks associated with system outages.

Additional Information Engineer in Training (EIT) applicants may be considered for this role.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Technology Specialist - Ottawa, ON
Requirements</h2>
Candidates must be eligible to receive an Enhanced Top Secret security clearance. The process involves a security interview, a polygraph, and a background investigation that includes credit and financial verifications. The use of illegal drugs is a criminal offense. Drug use is an important factor considered in your reliability and suitability assessment during the selection process. Therefore it is important not to use any illegal drugs from the time you submit your application.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Others</h2>
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">Important</h4>
Applicants must clearly demonstrate in their application how they meet each Education and Experience criteria. Failure to do so will result in the applicant being screened out of the career opportunity.
CSIS is a separate employer and is not subject to the Public Service Employment Act (PSEA). CSIS has its own classification, compensation system, and a different staffing regime. As such, we use a different staffing process and terminology.

CSIS is committed to Employment Equity and encourages the equitable participation of all Canadians. If you need any special accommodation in relation to a disability, please tell us at the beginning of the selection process. This information will be kept confidential.

The personal information provided in your application is protected under the Privacy Act and will be held in Personal Information Bank SIS/P-PU-025.
We thank all applicants for their interest in CSIS. However, only those who are selected for further consideration will be contacted.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Engineering Manager - Markham, ON
Requirements
Requires a degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Applied Science (or equivalent)
Requires 5-7 years of experience in a customer facing and/or project management role
Familiarity with integrated circuit design and design verification.
Familiarity with the development process for ASIC designs.
Familiarity with Project Management and Planning tasks
Familiarity with UNIX operating systems.
Familiarity with MS Project and MS Excel
Good written and verbal communication skills
Strong organizational skills

<i>Synopsys Canada ULC values the diversity of our workforce. We are committed to provide access & opportunity to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodation to individuals throughout the recruitment and employment process. Should you require an accommodation, please contact </i>hr-help-canada@synopsys.com<i>.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Assistant Chief Engineer - Electrical - Calgary, AB
Requirements:
CP is committed to the safety and health of its employees and the general public. This position is considered a safety sensitive position ; all new hires will be required to complete a pre-employment medical evaluation that includes a vision, hearing, drug screening and pre-employment physical.

Background Investigation:
The successful candidate will need to successfully complete the following clearances:

Criminal history check

Reference check

Management Conductor Program:
Becoming a qualified conductor or locomotive engineer is the single best way for a management employee to learn the business at CP. You may be required to obtain a certification or to maintain your current certification/qualification as a conductor or locomotive engineer.

CP is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of employment equity and inclusion. We welcome applications from all qualified individuals. All applicant information will be managed in accordance with the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA").

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Kingston, ON
Requirements:</h3>
Bachelor’s degree with 1-5 years of experience in electronics design and verification environment.
Demonstrated ability to debug analog and digital circuits.
Strong soldering and prototype assembly skills.
2-4 year of experience with schematic capture and layout software.
Solid understanding of low noise analog electronics and analog to digital converters technology.
Experience with Verilog/VHDL, C/C++, and Assembly code.
Background in geophysics, data acquisition systems, sensor design is an asset.
Strong problem-solving skills, communication, and interpersonal skills.
Strong documentation skills.
Experience with production support.
ESG serves a global market and has installations in many countries around the world. As such, the successful applicant may occasionally be required to travel to remote client sites.

ESG is a rapidly growing enterprise with offices in the Middle East, Asia, the U.S. and Canada.

Applications will be accepted via our ESG Career Centre. ESG thanks all interested applicants, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>(Remote Contractor) Patent Analyst- Electrical Engineering/ Telecommunications/ Business Methods/ Computer &amp; Information Sciences/ Physical Sciences - Southfield, MI
Requirements:

Work Experience or Education required in one of the following areas:
Electrical Engineering and Physical Sciences – Measuring and testing, radiation, optics, semiconductors, nanotechnology, magnetic devices, electrical circuits and circuit analysts, etc.
Computer Science and Information Sciences – Computer architecture, software, network architecture and communication, data processing, IT security, audio/video editing, image processing, etc.
Business Methods – Electronic commerce, financial transactions, electronic gaming, health care management, point of sale systems, etc.
Telecommunications and/or Electrical Communications – Television, radio, telecommunications, GPS, electrical interface devices, wireless communications, optical communications, digital signal processing, etc.
Primary Qualifications:
U.S. citizens or work eligible legal residents who have resided in the U.S. for at least the two previous years.
Ability to obtain a Public Trust Clearance
Bachelor’s Degree (Master’s or PhD a plus)
0-3 years previous patent examining or patent searching experience is strongly preferred, though not required.
In-depth knowledge of technical literature in the area of subject matter expertise.
Extreme attention to detail required.
Highly skilled developing a search methodology and in conducting searches.
Strong time management skills and dependable in completing quality projects against deadlines.
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.

To perform successfully as a contractor, an individual must have the following equipment/tools:
A Computer running Windows Vista, 7, or 8 with the latest service packs and patches – OR – Mac OSX 10.5, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8.
A Reliable, High Speed Internet connection: Cellular, Dial-up, or Satellite Connections are not permitted.
A secure working location: Working from public areas is not permitted (e.g. coffee shop, café or public library).
Appropriate phone line and voicemail for business communication.


"The long term success of our business relies on our people feeling a part of what we're doing. Together, let's take the right steps to building a strong corporate culture." Simon Webster CEO.

<i>I </i><i>f you have any queries please reach out to our recruitment team at this address: </i><i>recruitment@cpaglobal.com</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intern - Test Engineering - San Francisco, CA
Requirements</h3>
B.S. or M.S. in electrical, computer, aerospace, mechanical engineering, or equivalent technical degree, or current enrollment in a similar degree program.
Hands-on experience testing a mechanical or electrical part against a set of performance requirements.
Experience writing test plans.
A passion for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Bonus</h3>
Experience writing Python code to:
Interface with test equipment
Process large datasets
Visualize data
Direct electrical or mechanical design experience
Experience with RF-specific bench equipment (VNAs, Spectrum Analyzers, Signal Generators).
Demonstrated ability to debug hardware and software problems under time pressure.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ENGINEERING ASSOCIATE - ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING and RELIABILITY - Houston, TX
Requirements

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited institution, or similar.
Minimum 15 years of experience as an Electrical or Reliability engineer or equivalent role with a proven track record in an Engineering Contractor and/or Operating Company covering the detailed engineering, operational, and maintenance aspects of electrical systems and the following equipment:
MV and LV induction & synchronous motors
MV and LV induction & synchronous generators
MV and LV switchgears including protection and control
Variable speed drive and soft start systems
Power and distribution transformers
Instrument power distribution with uninterruptible power supply systems
Sound knowledge of hazardous area equipment selection and application
Up-to-date knowledge of major international codes & standards
The ability to work and communicate effectively in an influencing role across a diverse range of cultures.
Experience performing reliability predications and analysis for industrial gas, petrochemical, chemical or manufacturing systems.
Practical experience using and evaluating condition monitoring equipment and its data output analytics, in interpreting the data to make decisions related to equipment reliability.
Have Professional Engineer, Chartered Engineer Status or similar level of professional certification.
English as the primary language.

Required Skills

Passionate focus on electrical safety.
Strong knowledge of electrical equipment and systems, including aging of equipment.
Strong knowledge of maintenance excellence processes in a chemical manufacturing environment.
Ability to bridge between technical evaluation and commercial recommendation and a course of action.
Leader of change, with ability to influence and gain support from operator/craft level to executive leadership.
Excellent critical thinking skills and business acumen.
Strong interpersonal, communications, facilitation and presentation skills.
Frequent travel (25-30%) to operating facilities and other regional engineering and operations centers.

 Air Products (NYSE:APD) is a world-leading Industrial Gases company in operation for over 75 years. The Company’s core industrial gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. Air Products is also the world’s leading supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company had fiscal 2017 sales of $8.2 billion from continuing operations in 50 countries and has a current market capitalization of approximately $30 billion. Approximately 15,000 passionate, talented and committed employees from a diversity of backgrounds are driven by Air Products’ higher purpose to create innovative solutions that benefit the environment, enhance sustainability and address the challenges facing customers, communities and the world<i>.</i>

To apply for this position, please visit the Air Products Career Center. You can apply specifically to Job Req #23031BR. If you are a current Air Products employee, please apply via APOnline by clicking on Online Applications, then selecting Career Center.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

#LI-LS1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>DevOps Engineering Intern - Mountain View, CA 94043
Requirements:
Experience in Python/JavaExperience in REST API frameworksExpertise in web applications and web frameworks (Python/Java Based web frameworks)Knowledge with Databases (SQL / nonSQL)Data Analytics / ML experience is a plus

Education Requirements:
Must be currently enrolled in a Masters Program pursuing Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or Computer Engineering

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Electrical Engineer - Gallup, NM
Requirements

EDUCATION
Minimum undergraduate degree in electrical or instrumentation engineering required.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum 0-2 years electrical/instrument engineering experience in refining industry required.


Andeavor, formerly Tesoro, is a premier refining, marketing and logistics company in the western United States. Our Company operates 10 refineries with a combined capacity of approximately 1.2 million barrels per day, an extensive logistics network, and a retail-marketing system that includes approximately 3,000 retail stations marketed under multiple well-known fuel brands. We employ more than 13,000 talented people.
Our strength lies in our investment in employees and in their future. We measure success not only by the products we bring to our customers, or the financial results we deliver to our shareholders, but also by remaining true to our core values of safety and environmental stewardship, respect and integrity.
Discover your strengths and invest in your future by applying today.
Employees must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Vet / Disability

Posting Notes: || Gallup || New Mexico || United States (US) || None || |Engineering || 87347 ||

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Intern - Software Engineering - San Francisco, CA
Requirements</h3>
Currently pursuing a B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or equivalent technical degree
Experience with C/C++ and scripting language(s)
Demonstrated ability to personally design, write, and test software from scratch
US Citizenship or Green Card
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Bonus</h3>
Experience with embedded systems running on bare metal
Experience with real time operating systems
Experience with FPGA or DSP programming

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate Engineer Electrical - Chandler, AZ
Requirements and Design Reviews.

Problem Solving/Innovation - With supervision, applies theoretical knowledge and engineering technical principles to solve basic electrical engineering problems.

Liaison - Interacts well with other staff/team members, effective at relationships with peers and manager.
Responds in a timely manner to all requests.

Requirements Derivation/ Test Development - Establish requirements and procedures to evaluate purchased equipment or EEE parts. Under supervision, supports the testing and/or evaluation/ validation of one or more elements of an electrical component, subsystem, or system analytical model or actual system implementation.

Analysis and Design - Under relatively close direction, performs a variety of specific engineering tasks of an analysis, design, or test nature.
Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's in Engineering

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Intern (Summer 2019) - Towson, MD
Requirements:

Working toward a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering at a college or university level
Minimum classes completed: Intro or better level physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering and/or computer science
Basic CAD & Drafting
Courses in Basic Electrical Engineering, Mechatronics or Embedded Software a plus
Proven Leadership in and out of the classroom
Fast learner and someone that takes the initiative
An active participant on a team or in a collaborative environment
Knowledge/Skills of Microsoft Office Suite
Strong Project Management/Organizational Skills.
All applicants must be based in and/or able to commute to Towson, MD

Leadership Qualities:

Courage & Innovation – Bravely innovate without boundaries. Generate and embrace new ideas. Drive cutting-edge digital solutions. Foster creativity for exponential growth
Agility & Performance – Simplify to accelerate business results. Anticipate, adapt to and lead changes. Focus on the right things and act. Perform in ways that exceed expectations.
Inclusivity & Collaboration – Respect and leverage all aspects of diversity. Make decisions with an inclusive, global view. Collaborate to amplify customer value. Communicate to drive meaningful outcomes.
Integrity & Accountability – Operate with highest ethical standards. Be who you are, build trusted relationships. Act with transparency and positive intent. Live up to commitments and own the results.<i>
All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law</i><i>.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Roseville, CA
Requirements
B.S. in electrical engineering, REVIT experience beneficial, 3-4 years experience.
Benefits
Dental, vision, retirement benefits, supplemental insurance, flex-spending medical account, disability insurance, competitive salary, aggressive bonus program, professional development allowance,

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Carlsbad, CA 92010
Requirements
The Electrical Engineer will be an integral part of advancing Diakont’s design of systems and subsystems for applications in the energy industry, such as nuclear power plants and oil & gas pipelines. Specific areas of design will include cameras, robotics and non-destructive testing systems. As a member of a small but critical engineering team, the Electrical Engineer will be responsible for creating electrical systems, schematics, and printed circuit boards, as well as leading regular design reviews.
Other duties include:
Ensures on-time execution of project deliverables.
Perform systems engineering to modify existing systems to function in new application.
Design analog and digital (firmware) electrical systems of medium complexity.
Specify and source off the shelf electrical components, including passive components, transistors, ICs, motors, power supplies, tools, etc.
Write assembly instructions, test procedures, instruction manual sections and verification and validation reports to company standards, concisely and unambiguously.
Lead small to medium size teams of multiple disciplines, including ownership of the team’s work.
Lead projects of small to medium scope, including ownership of the project engineering schedule.
Analyze specification requirements, synthesize project parameters.
Perform Failure Modes and Effects Analysis for electrical designs.
The Electrical Engineer role at Diakont requires someone with extensive product design and prototyping experience, as well as impeccable attention to detail and time management skills. We are looking for high-energy and organized professionals who are passionate about the work they do. This position will greatly influence the organization in important ways and enhance the quality and efficiency of the work we do.
We are looking for candidates with a BSEE (BS Electrical Engineering or Electronics Engineering) who have at least three years of experience in electrical design and analysis. The ideal candidate will display strong knowledge of printed circuit board layout for low frequency mixed-signal systems, have the ability to troubleshoot complex problems, and is proficient in EDA software (Altium, PADS, ORCAD). Specifically we are looking for candidates who support Diakont’s vision and are passionate about joining a collaborative and growing team.
Why Diakont?
Diakont is an Equal Opportunity Employer offering competitive salaries, generous paid time off, full health benefits (medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts) and a generous 401(k) employer matching program.
Please tell us about the skills and experience that would make you a great candidate for this role!

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ENGINEERING ASSOCIATE - ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING and RELIABILITY - Houston, TX
Requirements

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited institution, or similar.
Minimum 15 years of experience as an Electrical or Reliability engineer or equivalent role with a proven track record in an Engineering Contractor and/or Operating Company covering the detailed engineering, operational, and maintenance aspects of electrical systems and the following equipment:
MV and LV induction & synchronous motors
MV and LV induction & synchronous generators
MV and LV switchgears including protection and control
Variable speed drive and soft start systems
Power and distribution transformers
Instrument power distribution with uninterruptible power supply systems
Sound knowledge of hazardous area equipment selection and application
Up-to-date knowledge of major international codes & standards
The ability to work and communicate effectively in an influencing role across a diverse range of cultures.
Experience performing reliability predications and analysis for industrial gas, petrochemical, chemical or manufacturing systems.
Practical experience using and evaluating condition monitoring equipment and its data output analytics, in interpreting the data to make decisions related to equipment reliability.
Have Professional Engineer, Chartered Engineer Status or similar level of professional certification.
English as the primary language.

Required Skills

Passionate focus on electrical safety.
Strong knowledge of electrical equipment and systems, including aging of equipment.
Strong knowledge of maintenance excellence processes in a chemical manufacturing environment.
Ability to bridge between technical evaluation and commercial recommendation and a course of action.
Leader of change, with ability to influence and gain support from operator/craft level to executive leadership.
Excellent critical thinking skills and business acumen.
Strong interpersonal, communications, facilitation and presentation skills.
Frequent travel (25-30%) to operating facilities and other regional engineering and operations centers.

 Air Products (NYSE:APD) is a world-leading Industrial Gases company in operation for over 75 years. The Company’s core industrial gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. Air Products is also the world’s leading supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company had fiscal 2017 sales of $8.2 billion from continuing operations in 50 countries and has a current market capitalization of approximately $30 billion. Approximately 15,000 passionate, talented and committed employees from a diversity of backgrounds are driven by Air Products’ higher purpose to create innovative solutions that benefit the environment, enhance sustainability and address the challenges facing customers, communities and the world<i>.</i>

To apply for this position, please visit the Air Products Career Center. You can apply specifically to Job Req #23031BR. If you are a current Air Products employee, please apply via APOnline by clicking on Online Applications, then selecting Career Center.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

#LI-LS1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING - Fort Greely, AK
Requirements

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Requirements
</h2><h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Conditions of Employment
</h3>Must be a U.S. Citizen
Occasional Travel
Work Schedule: Full-time
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service
Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation
May be required to successfully complete a probationary period
Overtime: Occasionally
Tour of Duty: Flexible
Recruitment Incentives: Not Authorized
Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt
Financial Disclosure: Required
Telework Eligibility: This position is telework eligible
Must obtain/maintain Non-critical Sensitive/Secret security clearance.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Qualifications
</h3>You may qualify at the NH -03 , if you fulfill the following qualifications:


One year of specialized experience equivalent to the NH-02/GS-11 grade level in the Federal service as listed below:
Experience with electrical power engineer for facility and infrastructure electrical systems, design, construction, operations or sustainment., OR

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.


In addition to meeting qualifications, your application package must reflect the applicable experience to meet the Individual Occupational Requirements for the 0850, series as listed below:


A. Degree: Engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by ABET; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.


OR


B. Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following: 1. Professional registration or licensure - Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT)



1, or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration. For example, an applicant who attains registration through a State Board's eminence provision as a manufacturing engineer typically would be rated eligible only for manufacturing engineering positions.


2. Written Test - Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE)2 examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico.


3. Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A.


4. Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions. (The above examples of related curricula are not all-inclusive.)


Note: An applicant who meets the basic requirements as specified in A or B above, except as noted under B.1., may qualify for positions in any branch of engineering unless selective factors indicate otherwise.





<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education
</h3>Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level.


All materials must be submitted by the closing date of the announcement.


FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: Foreign Education
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additional information
</h3>This position was authorized for a $10,000 recruitment incentive.


Overseas Position: If you are applying for a vacancy located overseas additional information regarding overseas employment can be found at: http://www.dla.mil/Careers/Programs/overseas.aspx


For more information, please visit General Application Information and Definitions http://www.dla.mil/Careers/SearchApply/Downloads.aspx


Other Notes:


ACQUISITION POSITION: This position requires Acquisition Workforce Level III Facility Engineering. Certification prior to hiring is not essential but must be accomplished within 24 months after entry into this position.


Employee is required to accumulate 80 continuous learning points (CLP's) in a 2 year period.


The off-post medical facility at Delta Junction, AK, that supports MDA personnel at Fort Greely does not provide after-hours medical care. Local Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and transport to Fairbanks via ground transportation or Medical Evacuation (MEDIVAC) are available 24/7 by calling 911.


ALL INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY THE APPLICANT WILL BE VERIFIED.

Candidates must meet the physical and suitability standards both prior to and during employment in this position.


This position DOES meet criteria for re-employed annuitant. The DoD criteria for hiring Re-employed Annuitants can be found at:

http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf


All applicants must meet qualifications and eligibility criteria by the closing date of the announcement.


Interagency Career Transition Assistance Programs : This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 85 or above; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. For more information:

https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/


Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service (see https://www.sss.gov/RegVer/wfRegistration.aspx

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How You Will Be Evaluated
</h3>You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documents, to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified below, required for this position.


Competencies:
Ability to provide electrical engineering support and oversight for facility design and construction.
Knowledge in Facility Electrical Engineering for infrastructure maintenance and sustainment.
Ability to document facility electrical engineering issues and develop status reports.



Traditional rating and ranking of applications does not apply to this vacancy. Your application (resume and supporting documentation) will be evaluated to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications required as listed on the announcement under qualification requirements.


Veterans Preference : If you are entitled to veterans preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency.


For information on entitlement see http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Background checks and security clearance
</h3><h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Security clearance
</h5>Secret
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Drug test required
</h5>Yes
Required Documents

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Required Documents
</h2>To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes:


1. Your Resume listing work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment and duties performed. If multiple resumes are submitted by an applicant, only the last resume submitted will be reviewed for the qualifications and referred for selection consideration if eligible.


2. Other supporting documents:

Cover Letter, optional
College transcript(s), if qualifying based on education. We accept unofficial transcripts, as long as they contain the applicant's name, the name of the school, the date and degree that was awarded, and the list of classes and credits earned. Transcripts must be received in this office by 11:59 P.M. EST on in order to be considered.
Most recent SF-50 or Notification of Personnel Action showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held (if applying as a status candidate with current or former Federal Service and not serviced by DLA).
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
DD-214, SF-15 Form and VA letter, or certification of expected discharge or release from active duty from Veterans for consideration under Veteran hiring authorities Non-competitive appointment authority documentation, if applicable
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program Documentation, if applicable (e.g. Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed Removal; SF-50 that documents the RIF separation action; and most recent performance appraisal.)

PLEASE REVIEW the following LINK for additional documents you need to provide: http://www.dla.mil/Careers/SearchApply/Downloads.aspx .
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
</h4>Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Benefits
</h2>A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Canton, MI
Requirements: Bachelor or above degree in electrical or electronics engineering or related.5+ years experience in electrical or electronics design of electronic products; have the work experience in Kostal/Alps/Omron in US. Once worked in OEMs (GM/Ford/Chrysler) is preferred.Job Type: ContractSalary: $35.00 to $45.00 /hourExperience:Electrical Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>DevOps Engineering Intern - Mountain View, CA 94043
Requirements:
Experience in Python/JavaExperience in REST API frameworksExpertise in web applications and web frameworks (Python/Java Based web frameworks)Knowledge with Databases (SQL / nonSQL)Data Analytics / ML experience is a plus

Education Requirements:
Must be currently enrolled in a Masters Program pursuing Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or Computer Engineering

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering - Motor Design - Norwood, OH
Requirements

Electrical Engineering: design of induction motors, creation of Bills of Material, creation of motor performance documents, support of manufacturing departments, marketing quotation engineering, and coordination of projects to implement product enhancements. Minimum of a Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering required. A practical knowledge of VFD applications, insulation design, power systems design, air flow and heat transfer preferred.


General Requirements

Job Family Responsibilities:

Assists in routine material specification, schematic preparation and appropriate follow-up. Provides assistance in routine design, development, testing and modifications of solutions. Provides assistance in preparing explanations and clarifies information to enable proper interpretation and evaluation of routine specifications, performance characteristics or other technical data. Assists in communicating routine technical and commercial issues clearly. May assist in recommending routine new designs, new processes, or design changes to meet requirements.

Key Responsibilities:

Performs basic tasks and functions for professional field of work. Seeks advice and guidance on non-routine or problem areas from others. Identifies problems as they occur and takes appropriate steps to solve them in situations where the problem is not difficult or complex.

Education:

BS/BA in Electrical Engineering, or advanced degree, where required, or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Knowledge and Experience:

Demonstrates a basic knowledge of professional principles and skills. Effectively uses fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of particular area of specialization. Typically up to 2 years of successful experience in related field and successful demonstration of Key Responsibilities and Knowledge as presented above. Advanced degree MAY be substituted for experience, where applicable.

Key Working Relationships:

Contacts are primarily with immediate manager and others in the group.
LI-CYL

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Commissioning Electrical Engineer, Gigafactory 1 - Sparks, NV
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or evidence of exceptional experience.
8-10 years of direct construction experience building high-tech infrastructure and operational facilities (semiconductor, solar, battery, etc.).
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Ability to interface with multiple engineering disciplines.
Medium Voltage equipment including – operating/maintaining the equipment, troubleshooting and programming /adjusting medium voltage relays.
Working knowledge of OSHA and UBC codes and HAZMAT safety protocols.
Desire to do the impossible with a positive and professional “never say die” attitude.
Ability to communicate clearly and interface at an executive level.
Proven track record of managing budgets and evaluating construction related quotes and contracts.
Strong desire to be a part of a world-class team focused on achieving amazing results.
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Electrical - Santa Ana, CA 92704
Requirements/Working Conditions: This position performs some sedentary office work and requires the ability to move throughout the building to interact with employees/vendors. The position answers telephone calls, bends, reaches and pushes and pulls file drawers. This position uses a computer terminal to access, input and retrieve data. Finger dexterity may be required to operate a computer keyboard and calculator.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Engineering Management: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Intern (Summer 2019) - Towson, MD
Requirements:

Working toward a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering at a college or university level
Minimum classes completed: Intro or better level physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering and/or computer science
Basic CAD & Drafting
Courses in Basic Electrical Engineering, Mechatronics or Embedded Software a plus
Proven Leadership in and out of the classroom
Fast learner and someone that takes the initiative
An active participant on a team or in a collaborative environment
Knowledge/Skills of Microsoft Office Suite
Strong Project Management/Organizational Skills.
All applicants must be based in and/or able to commute to Towson, MD

Leadership Qualities:

Courage & Innovation – Bravely innovate without boundaries. Generate and embrace new ideas. Drive cutting-edge digital solutions. Foster creativity for exponential growth
Agility & Performance – Simplify to accelerate business results. Anticipate, adapt to and lead changes. Focus on the right things and act. Perform in ways that exceed expectations.
Inclusivity & Collaboration – Respect and leverage all aspects of diversity. Make decisions with an inclusive, global view. Collaborate to amplify customer value. Communicate to drive meaningful outcomes.
Integrity & Accountability – Operate with highest ethical standards. Be who you are, build trusted relationships. Act with transparency and positive intent. Live up to commitments and own the results.<i>
All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law</i><i>.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Electrical Engineer- Prototype Engineering &amp; Fabrication - Palo Alto, CA
Requirements

BS or MS in Electrical Engineering or the equivalent in experience with evidence of exceptional ability
5+ years of professional electronic design experience
Deep passion for engineering, prototyping, technology and cars
Understand vehicle-level systems engineering including communications, functionality trade-offs, grounding and EMC strategy.
Expertise in Automotive communication networks (CAN, LIN, Ethernet)
Strong electrical system and software debugging skills, system-level debug and bus trace analysis.
Experienced with board bring-up and troubleshooting tools such as GDB, JTAG, logic analyzers and oscilloscopes.
Wire harness design and build experience including knowledge of appropriate tools, materials and best practices.
Knowledge and experience in designing for environmental constraints (temp, humidity, and vibration), regulatory compliance and product debug (EMC/EMI, ESD, transients, etc).
Additional complementary skills - programming, mechanical design, fabrication, etc.
Understands and deals well with rapid development cycles and unexpected changes in direction.
Proven record of meeting tight deadlines without sacrificing quality.
Strong communication and social skills. The ability to work with many different people and manage working relationships.
A self-starter who instinctively and consistently creates personal and professional stretch goals and meets them.
Demonstrated hands-on capability and willingness to get your hands dirty!
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director of Engineering - Los Angeles, CA
Requirements:</h4>
High School Diploma, College Degree or equivalent industry experience. Certified Engineering Operations Executive (CEOE) preferred. Previous, recent and relevant experience is required for this position. A hands on position, the qualified candidate must have two to five years as a Chief Engineer in an upscale hospitality related environment, extensive knowledge of plumbing, electrical, HVAC, refrigeration and life safety operating systems. Additional qualifications include thorough and up to date knowledge of OSHA regulations, National, State and Local building regulations and codes, equipment operation and preventative maintenance procedures and all record keeping requirements.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>441-Automotive Electrical Engineer - Graniteville, SC
Requirements:
Must have 1-3 years of automotive electrical engineering experience in a textile manufacturing environment!
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering Technology or related technical degree
Min 1-3 years work experience
Work experience in a manufacturing environment preferred
Hardware and software experience with industrial automation
Prefer: Allen Bradley PLC Experience!

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Principal Electrical Engineer - Hardware - Charlotte, NC
Requirements Documents and Technical Requirements Documents for well-organized product development.
Circuit design is supported by analytical calculations and simulation.
Responsible for hands-on design, review, prototyping, bring-up, debugging, verification and validation testing as well as manufacturing start-up support.
Develop product qualification plans as well as manufacturing test plans to be used by both internal technicians and manufacturing partners.
Review product test methods, fixtures and results from both internal and partner technicians for test efficacy and product qualification.
Work with sustaining and compliance teams to ensure long term support of worldwide products.
Implement product improvements to improve manufacturability and overall product cost
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering and 10 + years of relevant experience are required.
History of designing from blank page, developing break through solutions, and delivering products and platforms that create revenue and profit.
Technical leadership experience with history of managing other engineers
Proven track record to develop, debug, verify and characterize the designs
Cleverness with very small form factor, elegant designs for high volume applications.
Skilled with low power designs, analog sensing, data conversion, battery charging and DC power conversion.
Experience with wireless systems for communication and power delivery.
Ability to deliver while handling multiple product priorities.
Experience with FCC, CE, and other regulatory standard

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (Forensic Engineering) - Columbus, OH 43229
Requirements:
Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering required
Must have P.E. registration through testing
Technical background in the power industry, automotive electronics or battery highly preferred
Tenyears of post-academic engineering experience
Background in power systems, controls, and NEC knowledge helpful
Excellent oral and writing skills
Public speaking experience a plus
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills

Physical Requirements:
25% travel
Ability to lift 80 lbs.
Ability to remove large and or heavy artifacts from fire scenes
Ability to carry equipment (shovels, camera, evidence case, etc.) up flights of stairs
Ability to shovel out fires and lift fire debris in conjunction with investigations, for up to 3 to 4 hours at a time
Ability to maneuver in and around buildings and structures and climb ladders
Ability to drive to site locations and fly on airplanes
Benefits:
Extensive forensic training
Medical, dental vision coverage
401(k) with company match
Paid vacation, sick days and holidays
Company-paid STD, LTD and Life Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement Program
Bonus program

EEO-M/F/D/V

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Integration and Test (SEIT) Entry Level - Centennial, CO 80112
Requirements and Verification team manages all System level requirements for the Trident II ballistic missile (commonly known as the D5LE missile), oversees interface definitions, plans and executes verification processes, and has fingers in every development project under the FBM Program. We have a Weapon System level view of the FBM Program with activities related to integrating the D5LE missile into the submarine weapon system as well as supporting efforts to integrate missile subsystems into the flight vehicle design.


Key responsibilities for this Systems Engineer include requirements management using a DOORS database, traceability analysis, verification planning, analysis /test planning and execution and design compliance reporting.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering (Electrical, Aerospace, Mechanical) or closely related fieldEducation or experience in Model Based Systems Engineering principlesMS OfficeUS Citizenship and the ability to obtain/maintain a Secret security clearance
Desired Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical EngineeringRequirements, specification trees (traceability), and the IBM Rational DOORS toolMajor design reviews (Systems Requirements Reviews (SRR), Preliminary Design Review (PDR), Critical Design Review (CDR), etc.)Good written and verbal skillsStrong interpersonal skills to support working in a collaborative environment across a large multidisciplinary/geographically-diverse teamActive Secret clearance
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mechanical or Electrical EIT - December 2018/May 2019 College Graduates - Dallas, OR
Requirements and Qualifications:

4-yr. mechanical or electrical engineering degree and commitment to sit for the FE exam within 6 months of hire (if you have not already passed the exam)
Knowledge of systems and controls used in commercial, institutional and industrial facilities
Knowledge of applicable Building Codes and Construction Standards
Excellent verbal communication, technical writing skills and time management skills
Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment
Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Advanced computer proficiency, including MS Office
LEED familiarity and/or accreditation a plus

<i>The Brandt Companies, LLC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity, minority/female/veteran/disabled employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), age (40 or older), national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other category protected by law.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Engineering Internship - Seattle, WA
Requirements</h2>
Experience with frontend (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and/or backend web technologies (Java, Scala or similar)
Experience with version control systems such as Git a plus
Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (React, Node), tools, and libraries a plus
Experience with SQL and relational databases a plus
Experience with service-oriented architecture and REST based web service development a plus
Experience with cloud-based systems (GCP, AWS) and virtualization (Docker, Kubernetes) a plus
Ability to organize and self-direct to get things done
Effective verbal and written communication skills
Eagerness to learn new skills and technologies
Must be able to commit to a full-time, 12 week paid internship (June to September)
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Who You Are</h2>
Able to work full time, 40 hours per week, for twelve consecutive weeks starting in June 2019 and ending in September 2019.
Must be living in or have housing in the office location you are applying for the summer
Must have prior programming experience. This can be through school, side projects or community/social groups etc.
Able to work in a team and collaborate with people in different roles and teams
Have a demonstrated interest in technology
Ability to work in an ambiguous, ever changing environment
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">About Us


Launched September, 2013, as an online home improvement network connecting homeowners with qualified professionals, Porch has grown into the industry leading partner for the home. With more than 250,000 active professionals across the U.S., Porch partners with large retailers like Walmart, Lowe’s, and Pottery Barn to provide home services fulfillment for their customers, as well as direct-to-consumer access to more than 160 different home services offerings through Porch.com. Focused on assisting customers at every stage of the “home journey” – including moving in, installations, assembly, repairs and ongoing maintenance – last year alone, the company facilitated over 2 million home-related projects, generating almost $1 billion in revenue for small business owners and sole proprietors in specialty areas such as plumbing, roofing, electrical work carpentry, and more.</h2>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Electrical - Santa Ana, CA 92704
Requirements/Working Conditions: This position performs some sedentary office work and requires the ability to move throughout the building to interact with employees/vendors. The position answers telephone calls, bends, reaches and pushes and pulls file drawers. This position uses a computer terminal to access, input and retrieve data. Finger dexterity may be required to operate a computer keyboard and calculator.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Engineering Management: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Supervisor Transmission &amp; Distribution Electrical Engineering - Kansas City, KS 66101
Requirements: Applicants must be able to perform the essential functions with or without a reasonable accommodation.Minimal Educational/Professional Experience Requirements: This position requires the incumbent to have acquired a B.S. Degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited engineering program. The position holder should have seven (7) to ten (10) years of proven field experience in the design, construction, operation and maintenance of utility electrical distribution systems. A Professional Engineer (PE) registration is preferred.The Supervisor of Electrical T&D Engineering must possess ability to resolve highly complex technical issues and conduct advanced analytical research using expert judgement and with limited supervision. Successful candidate must possess a recognizable skillset that identifies one as a technical leader and resource.OPEN DATE: 03/23/2018CLOSE DATE: Until FilledNUMBER OF OPPORTUNITIES: ONE (1)EEO/AAF/M/V/DJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $105,528.00 to $131,911.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 7 years (Required)operations & maintenance of electrical distribution systems: 7 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:Professional Engineer (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering - Batavia, IL
Requirements
Human Factors: Mental Concentration, Sitting, Tight Work Schedules, Visually Demanding
Must be available for occasional project overtime or operational call-ins
Must meet qualification requirements for occasional work in an oxygen deficiency area (cryogens for superconducting RF cavities) or interlocked area.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical/Mechanical Engineer - New York, NY
RequirementsMinimum three (3) years’ experience, preferably in passenger rail transit projects.Four-year degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering from an accredited institution.Strong problem-solving abilities.Ability to read and interpret technical drawings and specifications.Able to write clear and precise specifications and reports.Must be computer literate and proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Strong verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.Familiarity with the Railroad and Transit Industry Standards desired.High Integrity.Available for travel to supplier’s locations.LocationNew York CityThank you for your interest in a career with us! Challenging yet rewarding opportunities are available throughout the U.S. We are proud of the talented staff we provide for project assignments and welcome highly qualified, dedicated individuals to apply.We are an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), embracing the principle that all applicants (regardless of age, race, nationality, gender, religion, lifestyles and physical disabilities) are treated equally and give the same opportunities in our recruiting, hiring, promotion and business development practices. We recruit from a diverse market those individuals who possess the talent and skill sets required to meet the high standards and core values we are known for. Salary is commensurate to education and experience and we offer a competitive full benefits package to full-time employees.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical/Mechanical Engineering: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:PE (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Park City, UT
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in electrical, computer or software engineering or computer science.
0-5 years of experience in new product development with demonstrated ability to produce results.
Good oral and written communication skills.
Good mechanical aptitude with ability to be an effective contributor to product development or standard product support activities.
Proven Quality. Leading Technology. Launch your career with Graco!
Graco offers attractive compensation, benefits, and opportunities for both professional development and career progression. Graco’s comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, stock purchase plan, 401(k) and tuition reimbursement.
Our expectations are high. That's why we are always looking to hire the brightest and the best!

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director, Engineering - Tacoma, WA 98421
Requirements
The desired candidate will possess working knowledge in maritime industry operations and practices coupled with knowledge of the principles and practices of civil, electrical, and mechanical engineering, principles and practices of construction administration, project scheduling and management, and budget preparation and administration are required.
The Port seeks candidates who can demonstrate exceptional leadership skills along with demonstrated strategic planning skills. The capability of proficiently organizing and directing the functions of a department are required. The successful candidate must be a highly organized, decisive and innovative manager, with strong communication and interpersonal skills. Collaboration and problem resolution skills, excellent judgment and unquestioned integrity are required. Strong attention to detail, the ability to work under pressure, the ability to anticipate and plan for potential contingencies, the ability to multi-task, motivate, and to lead multi-departmental teams and external coalitions with a positive attitude are key requirements.

This individual must demonstrate a caring customer service attitude, a strong commitment to operational excellence and be able to display behaviors and a commitment to the organization's core values. We value an individual who also brings an impeccable work ethic, is honest and models a high level of integrity. The Port of Tacoma wants candidates who display enthusiasm, energy and a drive to succeed. Under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer the organization's culture is built on the following values: Integrity, Customer Service, Competitive Spirit, Courage, Sustainability and Collaboration. The alliance seeks candidates who can align and model these values both internally and externally and understand what it means to carry out these values in their everyday work.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager - Los Angeles, CA
RequirementsMaster’s Degree in Electrical Engineering desired; with 10 years working experience with at least 3-5 years management responsibilitiesExperience in designing and leading systems level projectsKnowledge and experience in wireless communication and network programing using Bluetooth, ZigBee and Wi-FiKnowledge and experiences in embedded systems programming using C, Python and PicBasicExperience with solid-state electronics and battery management systemsStrong knowledge and experiences in using and designing various types of sensors (IR, Capacitance, Photodiode, etc.)Knowledge in using MicrocontrollersThorough understanding of PCB and circuit design from concept through prototype and manufacturing (including PCB design).Knowledge in DC brushless motor design and motor controller electronicsAbility to troubleshoot problems and perform complex system testsStrong interpersonal, communication, writing, and presentation skillsAbility to be agile in a fast paced environmentAbout the CompanyBobrick, headquartered in North Hollywood, CA, is the industry-leading manufacturer of Stainless Steel commercial washroom accessories with 100+ years of experience (back when it was a startup, Bobrick invented the lavatory-mounted soap dispenser!). A mid-sized, privately owned company, Bobrick includes brands such as KoalaKare, operates 6 manufacturing facilities throughout the US and Canada, and conducts business in over 88 countries worldwide. Bobrick’s Culture We view our culture as a competitive advantage and a foundation for continued success. Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. Bobrick respects work-life balance, has a strong commitment to employee development and attributes its success to four core values and their alignment with its employees, suppliers, sales representatives, distributors and other channel partners.Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Full Adjunct Professor - Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) - 18/19 - San Diego, CA
Requirements</h3>
Document requirements
Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
Cover Letter

Statement of Research

Statement of Teaching

Statement of Contributions to Diversity - Applicants should summarize their past or potential contributions to diversity. See our Faculty Equity site for more information.
Misc / Additional (Optional)

Reference requirements
0-3 letters of reference required
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How to apply</h3>
Create an ApplicantID
Provide required information and documents
If any, provide required reference information

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director of Engineering - Los Angeles, CA
Requirements:</h4>
High School Diploma, College Degree or equivalent industry experience. Certified Engineering Operations Executive (CEOE) preferred. Previous, recent and relevant experience is required for this position. A hands on position, the qualified candidate must have two to five years as a Chief Engineer in an upscale hospitality related environment, extensive knowledge of plumbing, electrical, HVAC, refrigeration and life safety operating systems. Additional qualifications include thorough and up to date knowledge of OSHA regulations, National, State and Local building regulations and codes, equipment operation and preventative maintenance procedures and all record keeping requirements.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate, SEC121418CFEQ - New York, NY 10282
Requirements: Master’s degree (U.S. or equivalent) in Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science or in a related field and three (3) years of experience in the job offered or in a related position involving the design and development of high performance research libraries, machine learning models and statistical data analysis. Must have three (3) years of experience with: applying statistical analysis skills, such as correlation analysis, causality analysis, Multivariate linear regression, principle component analysis, and auto regression, and conducting statistical tests (t-test, f-test); utilizing knowledge of machine learning techniques, such as logistic regression, linear, non-linear and non-parametric regression, support vector machine (SVM), artificial neural network, random forest, k-means clustering, or Gaussian mixture to perform algorithmic research; building analytical platforms and infrastructures to back test algorithms, run data analysis and generate reports for visualization using scripting languages such as Python, Matlab, R or equivalent; utilizing quantitative skills, including regression analysis and basic linear algebra; performing data structure and algorithm design; utilizing optimization methods, such as linear optimization (simplex method), non-linear optimization (gradient descent method), Lagrange method dynamic optimization, line searches or Newton’s method; and applying Model calibration methods, such as linear, or non-linear and non-parametric regression techniques. Must have one (1) year of experience: working with database query languages such as SQL and management tools, such as Oracle SQL, Microsoft SQL, or AquaData Studio to process large sets of data; profiling and improving performance of queries against large data sets; and conducting financial market analysis, and demonstrating knowledge of common financial market products, such as options, futures, forwards, and swaps.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
</h2>The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Protection Engineer - Madison, WI 53713
Requirements:  BSEE or equivalent degree, 5+ years direct experience in the development of relay settings or combination of education and experience; PE preferred. Excellent communication, organizational and writing skills. Successful applicant may be subject to client mandated drug and background checking. Successful applicant is subject to ECI’s auto insurance carrier requirements. Successful applicant must not require immigration sponsorship now or in the future.Salary commensurate with experience and education. Benefits include: Medical, dental and vision insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth savings accountLife insuranceDisability insurance401(k), profit sharing and employee stock ownership planPaid vacation, personal days and holidaysContinued professional education reimbursementElectrical Consultants, Inc. (ECI) employs over 450 engineers, designers, project managers, surveyors, ROW agents, environmental planners, construction professionals and support staff in fourteen offices across the U.S. The firm has thirty years of experience in the planning, engineering and construction of a wide range of power delivery projects including substations, transmission lines, distribution systems, communication systems and industrial facilities. Visit our website at www.electricalconsultantsinc.com.Submit letter of application and resume and list of 3 professional references.<i>An Equal Opportunity Employer</i>Job Type: Full-timeExperience:direct experience in the development of relay settings: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:PE (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical/Battery Engineer - Santa Ana, CA 92704
Requirements/Working Conditions: This position performs some sedentary office work and requires the ability to move throughout the building to interact with employees/vendors. The position answers telephone calls, bends, reaches and pushes and pulls file drawers. This position uses a computer terminal to access, input and retrieve data. Finger dexterity may be required to operate a computer keyboard and calculator.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:battery related: 2 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Engineering Intern - Santa Barbara, CA 93101
Requirements:Skills and Knowledge:

Understanding of engineering hardware and software

development through college curriculum, engineering
projects and engineering work experience.

Use of common tools for software, firmware and

hardware development

Understanding of debugging system-level issues with

various lab equipment

Working knowledge of C and C++ required

Minimum Education and Experience:

Enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s program in

Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or
related technical discipline.

Desired Skills:

JAVA & Python programming experience
Embedded real-time operating system (RTOS)

experience

Firmware development for microcontrollers
FPGA and CPLD development
Familiarity with Bluetooth, USB, and/or Serial Port

hardware interfaces, to include knowledge of I²C and
SPI

Knowledge of radio frequency technologies
Software defined radio (SDR) development
Experience with GIT repositories
Experience using lab equipment, such as

oscilloscopes, meters, and test equipment

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Thornton, CO 80241
Requirements: Extensive knowledge and experience with High Speed design having demonstrated ability to design high speed interfaces such as but not limited to PCI-e, SATA, GIGe, DDRx memory bus, Gigabit FPGA Serdes channels, GMSL, DVI or HDMISenior level experience with PCB routing rules generation, PCB stack-ups, and all aspects of Physical implementation of PCBs with buses capable of operating above 200MHzExperience working with Manufacturing Organizations to complete builds of boardsProven, demonstrated experience taking High-Speed (preferably consumer electronics type designs) through FCC, EC regulatory testingExpert level knowledge of simulation tools such as but not limited to Hyperlinx, and/or other 3D field solversExperience using Signal Integrity Simulation tools to drive design of topography of transmission lines, as well as post layout verification of design layoutsExperience using high-speed Oscopes, or Network Analyzers, and other tools to perform physical design verification on High-Speed designsExpert level with Altium Design tools, minimum schematic capture knowledgeAbility to work in a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary team, to complete required designs and to cooperate with other Engineers on the team as needed to accomplish tasksKnowledge of FPGA devices usage in High-Speed design, and demonstrated integration of such in prior productsFunctional knowledge of most commercially available interface and communication technologies and their specificationsBonus Points: Altium PCB layout experience, understanding Symbol and Pads model creationExperience designing consumer products such as Tablets, PC motherboards, smartphones, Gigabit Ethernet routers, Disk Drive logic boardsExperience working as an advisor/contributor on industry leading specification defining teams such as PCI-e, HDMI, DVI, etc.Experience taking an FPGA design to ASICJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mechanical or Electrical EIT - December 2018/May 2019 College Graduates - Dallas, OR
Requirements and Qualifications:

4-yr. mechanical or electrical engineering degree and commitment to sit for the FE exam within 6 months of hire (if you have not already passed the exam)
Knowledge of systems and controls used in commercial, institutional and industrial facilities
Knowledge of applicable Building Codes and Construction Standards
Excellent verbal communication, technical writing skills and time management skills
Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment
Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Advanced computer proficiency, including MS Office
LEED familiarity and/or accreditation a plus

<i>The Brandt Companies, LLC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity, minority/female/veteran/disabled employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), age (40 or older), national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other category protected by law.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Level Electrical Designer / Engineer in San Diego (Power Systems Engineering) - San Diego, CA
Requirements:</h4>
Degree in Electrical Engineering (or equivalent)
Strong desire to <i>work</i> with team members and maintain client relationships

<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">Preferred:</h4>
Education specializing in Power Systems Engineering
Experience with AutoCAD, EnergyPro, SKM and Revit BIM software
Interest in sustainable design practices and developing firm’s sustainable marketability
Participate in efforts to sustain an innovative and forward thinking <i>work</i> environment

<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">What Turpin & Rattan Engineering, Inc. Offers:</h4>
Competitive wages and a generous benefits package.
Support for a balance between professional and personal life
Breakfast and snacks including fresh fruit and healthy options
A open <i>office</i> environment that encourages interaction and innovation
Recognized as one of the top firms in our industry for providing a desirable <i>work</i> environment for employees.
To <i>apply</i> for an open position, please email your resume with the position title in the subject line to engineer@treisd.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manager, Electrical Engineering - Brisbane, CA 94005
Requirements:

BS or MS in Electrical Engineering or equivalent with a minimum of 5+ years of related experience in electronics/software design and development.
Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering preferred
Minimum of 10 years of experience developing products and managing a team of engineers.
A strong record of developing multiple products through production release including high-power power supplies, preferably for the medical capital equipment space.
Expert in design of analog and digital circuits and SMPS’s and the use of simulation and automation tools (e.g. Spice, Matlab, Labview).
Expert in schematic capture and PCB layout tools (Altium strongly preferred).
Extensive experience in EMI, EMC, and electrical safety testing and associated regulatory standards.
Familiar with medical device regulatory standards preferred (IEC 60601 and relevant daughter standards).
Familiar with product development best practices and skilled at defining schedules, resource requirements, and spending forecasts for projects.
Thorough, in-depth electronics and embedded software knowledge, practical laboratory skills, including system-level troubleshooting and prototyping requirements.
<i>Applicants responding to this posting must be able to provide proof of eligibility to work in the United States. Competitive salary, benefits, ESPP and stock options. Cutera is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering - Batavia, IL
Requirements
Human Factors: Mental Concentration, Sitting, Tight Work Schedules, Visually Demanding
Must be available for occasional project overtime or operational call-ins
Must meet qualification requirements for occasional work in an oxygen deficiency area (cryogens for superconducting RF cavities) or interlocked area.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Electrical Engineer (Hardware) - Rochester, NY 14623
Requirements: Experience with high speed interfaces such as USB3, Gigabit Ethernet\RGMII, SATA, PCIe, FPGA serial transceivers, etc.Deep understanding of electrical engineering principles in both analog and digital domains with the ability to leverage this understanding to quickly isolate circuit faultsFamiliarity with high speed test equipment; oscilloscopes, data acquisition units, DMMs, logic & spectrum analyzers - solid test & troubleshooting skillsAbility to guide and oversee layout designers, and provide clear layout constraints (PC board stack-up, component placement, high speed routing, etc.)Experience performing trade studies / tradeoff analysesDemonstrated technical leadership and facilitation skillsStrong problem-solving, communication and interpersonal skillsPreferred: PCB layout capability (Cadence OrCAD or Altium Designer)FPGA Design; Verilog and/or VHDL, Altera and/or Xilinx tools (Quartus, ISE, Vivado)Experience with signal integrity analysis and simulationExperience with digital video and camera systemsQualifications: Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering / Computer Engineering discipline along with 7+ years of directly related experience and/or equivalent combinationDemonstrated subject matter expertiseCandidates must be eligible to work in the United States. Sorry, we are not able to sponsor or transfer visas at this time. For more information about D3 Engineering, please visit www.d3engineering.comNo 3rd Parties, Please!<i>D3 Engineering is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local law.</i>Job Type: Full-timeExperience:FPGA design: 5 years (Preferred)high speed, complex microprocessor device/peripheral design: 7 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Intern- Nuclear - United States
Requirements:

Working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Nuclear, or Electrical Engineering
Prior experience with nuclear technology (e.g., United States Navy Nuclear Program) is a plus
Good communications and writing skills are required
Proficient in the use of Microsoft Excel and Access database tools to track/analyze data in support of various risk analysis tasks
MathCAD experience a plus

 ----------------------------- 

<title>441-Automotive Electrical Engineer - Graniteville, SC
Requirements:
Must have 1-3 years of automotive electrical engineering experience in a textile manufacturing environment!
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering Technology or related technical degree
Min 1-3 years work experience
Work experience in a manufacturing environment preferred
Hardware and software experience with industrial automation
Prefer: Allen Bradley PLC Experience!

 ----------------------------- 

<title>QA Tester/Analyst - Fort Lauderdale, FL 33323
Requirements: <br/>Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering<br/>3 to 5 years of software/testing experience.Experience in the following is preferred: Experience with Automation Test script development and execution<br/>Experience / Proficiency in Agile/Scrum development and test methodologies<br/>Experience in Test Driven Development<br/>Experience with the use of test equipment such as logic analyzers, serial data analyzers, oscilloscopes etc.)<br/>Experience with development tools (such as compilers, emulators/JTAG, debuggers, etc.)Job Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $45.00 to $60.00 /hourExperience:QA: 4 years (Preferred)License:On-site interview (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Plant Engineering Supervisor - Newark, DE 19702
RequirementsExceptional troubleshooting and mechanical skills.Highly ethical with impeccable integrity.Ability to communicate effectively and professionally with others both written and verbal.Ability to work safely and effectively with minimal supervision.Ability to complete assigned tasks under stressful situations.Must be able to support 24/7 operations and work off-hours as necessary.SKILLS & ABILITIESEducation and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Industrial or Electrical Engineering preferred (or equivalent combination of education and technical experience)Minimum 10 years in Plant Engineering management with demonstrated Project Management experienceLean experience - SOP’s, TPM, autonomous maintenance, 5SKnowledge of Total Productive Maintenance and Lean ToolsStrong problem solving, and applied statistics skills are requiredProficient in MS Office and working knowledge of AutoCAD and Project Management softwareExcellent time management skillsCertificates & Licenses: Maintain CPR, First Aid, and Fork Lift Truck certification.Comprehensive Benefit Package offered, including: Health Insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision & Prescription), Group Life and AD&D Insurance, Voluntary Group Insurance (Life, AD&D, LTD), Flexible Spending Account (FSA), 401(k) Plan, Pension Plan, Paid Vacation, Paid Company Holidays.<i>Graver Technologies is a Marmon Water / Berkshire Hathaway Company.</i>Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (Forensic Engineering) - Columbus, OH 43229
Requirements:
Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering required
Must have P.E. registration through testing
Technical background in the power industry, automotive electronics or battery highly preferred
Tenyears of post-academic engineering experience
Background in power systems, controls, and NEC knowledge helpful
Excellent oral and writing skills
Public speaking experience a plus
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills

Physical Requirements:
25% travel
Ability to lift 80 lbs.
Ability to remove large and or heavy artifacts from fire scenes
Ability to carry equipment (shovels, camera, evidence case, etc.) up flights of stairs
Ability to shovel out fires and lift fire debris in conjunction with investigations, for up to 3 to 4 hours at a time
Ability to maneuver in and around buildings and structures and climb ladders
Ability to drive to site locations and fly on airplanes
Benefits:
Extensive forensic training
Medical, dental vision coverage
401(k) with company match
Paid vacation, sick days and holidays
Company-paid STD, LTD and Life Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement Program
Bonus program

EEO-M/F/D/V

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Integration and Test (SEIT) Entry Level - Centennial, CO 80112
Requirements and Verification team manages all System level requirements for the Trident II ballistic missile (commonly known as the D5LE missile), oversees interface definitions, plans and executes verification processes, and has fingers in every development project under the FBM Program. We have a Weapon System level view of the FBM Program with activities related to integrating the D5LE missile into the submarine weapon system as well as supporting efforts to integrate missile subsystems into the flight vehicle design.


Key responsibilities for this Systems Engineer include requirements management using a DOORS database, traceability analysis, verification planning, analysis /test planning and execution and design compliance reporting.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering (Electrical, Aerospace, Mechanical) or closely related fieldEducation or experience in Model Based Systems Engineering principlesMS OfficeUS Citizenship and the ability to obtain/maintain a Secret security clearance
Desired Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical EngineeringRequirements, specification trees (traceability), and the IBM Rational DOORS toolMajor design reviews (Systems Requirements Reviews (SRR), Preliminary Design Review (PDR), Critical Design Review (CDR), etc.)Good written and verbal skillsStrong interpersonal skills to support working in a collaborative environment across a large multidisciplinary/geographically-diverse teamActive Secret clearance
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical &amp; Controls Engineer - Carlsbad, CA 92010
Requirements
The Electrical and Controls Engineer at Diakont will be an integral part of advancing the design of systems and subsystems for applications in the energy industry, such as nuclear power plants and oil & gas pipelines. Specific areas of design will include cameras, robotics and non-destructive testing systems. As a member of a small but critical engineering team, the electrical and controls engineer will be responsible for creating electrical systems, schematics, and printed circuit boards, as well as leading regular design reviews.
Other duties include:
Ensuring on-time execution of project deliverables.
Performing systems engineering to modify existing systems to function in new application.
Designing analog and digital (firmware) electrical systems of medium complexity.
Specifying and sourcing off the shelf electrical components, including passive components, transistors, ICs, motors, power supplies, tools, etc.
Writing assembly instructions, test procedures, instruction manual sections and verification and validation reports to company standards, concisely and unambiguously.
Leading small to medium size teams of multiple disciplines, including ownership of the team’s work.
Leading projects of small to medium scope, including ownership of the project engineering schedule.
Analyzing specification requirements, synthesize project parameters.
Performing Failure Modes and Effects Analysis for electrical designs.
The Electrical & Controls Engineer role at Diakont requires someone with extensive product design and prototyping experience, as well as impeccable attention to detail and time management skills. We are looking for high-energy and organized professionals who are passionate about the work they do. This position will greatly influence the organization in important ways and enhance the quality and efficiency of the work we do.
We are looking for candidates with a BSEE (BS Electrical Engineering or Electronics Engineering) who have at least three years of experience in electrical design and analysis. Specifically we are looking for candidates who support Diakont’s vision and are passionate about joining a collaborative and growing team. The ideal candidate will display strong knowledge of printed circuit board layout for low frequency mixed-signal systems, have the ability to troubleshoot complex problems, and is proficient in EDA software (Altium, PADS, ORCAD).
Why Diakont?
Diakont is an Equal Opportunity Employer offering competitive salaries, generous paid time off, full health benefits (medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts) and a generous 401(k) employer matching program.
Please tell us about the skills and experience that make you a great candidate for this role!

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Automation Controls Engineer - Maumee, OH 43537
Requirements: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk, and hear.Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.This position must also be able to perform industrial field work which may include hazardous locations, ladders, and stairs.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Controls Engineering: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Maumee, OH (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Civil Engineer - Glen Rock, NJ
Requirements <i>– </i>The Civil Engineer position requires;Experience with computer-aided design software.Strong mathematics skills.Excellent communication skills.Ability to work independently.Maintain professional relationships with internal and external customers.Benefits – The Company offers the following benefits;Medical insuranceDental insuranceVision insurance401(k)Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Commissioning Electrical Engineer, Gigafactory 1 - Sparks, NV
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or evidence of exceptional experience.
8-10 years of direct construction experience building high-tech infrastructure and operational facilities (semiconductor, solar, battery, etc.).
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Ability to interface with multiple engineering disciplines.
Medium Voltage equipment including – operating/maintaining the equipment, troubleshooting and programming /adjusting medium voltage relays.
Working knowledge of OSHA and UBC codes and HAZMAT safety protocols.
Desire to do the impossible with a positive and professional “never say die” attitude.
Ability to communicate clearly and interface at an executive level.
Proven track record of managing budgets and evaluating construction related quotes and contracts.
Strong desire to be a part of a world-class team focused on achieving amazing results.
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director, Engineering - Tacoma, WA 98421
Requirements
The desired candidate will possess working knowledge in maritime industry operations and practices coupled with knowledge of the principles and practices of civil, electrical, and mechanical engineering, principles and practices of construction administration, project scheduling and management, and budget preparation and administration are required.
The Port seeks candidates who can demonstrate exceptional leadership skills along with demonstrated strategic planning skills. The capability of proficiently organizing and directing the functions of a department are required. The successful candidate must be a highly organized, decisive and innovative manager, with strong communication and interpersonal skills. Collaboration and problem resolution skills, excellent judgment and unquestioned integrity are required. Strong attention to detail, the ability to work under pressure, the ability to anticipate and plan for potential contingencies, the ability to multi-task, motivate, and to lead multi-departmental teams and external coalitions with a positive attitude are key requirements.

This individual must demonstrate a caring customer service attitude, a strong commitment to operational excellence and be able to display behaviors and a commitment to the organization's core values. We value an individual who also brings an impeccable work ethic, is honest and models a high level of integrity. The Port of Tacoma wants candidates who display enthusiasm, energy and a drive to succeed. Under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer the organization's culture is built on the following values: Integrity, Customer Service, Competitive Spirit, Courage, Sustainability and Collaboration. The alliance seeks candidates who can align and model these values both internally and externally and understand what it means to carry out these values in their everyday work.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Intern- Nuclear - United States
Requirements:

Working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Nuclear, or Electrical Engineering
Prior experience with nuclear technology (e.g., United States Navy Nuclear Program) is a plus
Good communications and writing skills are required
Proficient in the use of Microsoft Excel and Access database tools to track/analyze data in support of various risk analysis tasks
MathCAD experience a plus

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Facility Engineer (Electrical) - Dallas, TX
Requirements: This is a position that requires maturity and an individual that accepts and takes ownership of their responsibilities while understanding that our clients expect and will receive "excellence with a sense of urgency" in a 24/7, 365 day facility.

This is a night shift position:

Requires a min of 6 years in the US military in an industrial electrical field; Prime Power, Red Horse, Navy Nuclear Power Program, etc..
Sound electrical and controls skills with a systematic approach to troubleshooting equipment casualties.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to positively influence technical and engineering personnel who don't work for you but are completing projects you are responsible for.
Willing to work for a company with a team working culture and positive mental approach to communicating and interacting with team mates, management and customers.
Ability to pass a drug screen and background check.
Must have the capability to function in a physically demanding environment
Ability to work 12-hour night shift
Compensation: Hourly position with a shift differential and compensated overtime, the total compensation will be in the $80-90k range.

Benefits: Corporate benefits package provided

Highly desire prior military technicians with an Electrical or Controls background for this opportunity. This is NOT a contract position but is a full-time position with a highly regarded, multi-national corporation. Prior military technicians interested in this opportunity should reach out to Michael Erikson at Magellan Professional Solutions by e-mail; merikson(at)magellan-ps.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>QA Tester/Analyst - Fort Lauderdale, FL 33323
Requirements: <br/>Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering<br/>3 to 5 years of software/testing experience.Experience in the following is preferred: Experience with Automation Test script development and execution<br/>Experience / Proficiency in Agile/Scrum development and test methodologies<br/>Experience in Test Driven Development<br/>Experience with the use of test equipment such as logic analyzers, serial data analyzers, oscilloscopes etc.)<br/>Experience with development tools (such as compilers, emulators/JTAG, debuggers, etc.)Job Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $45.00 to $60.00 /hourExperience:QA: 4 years (Preferred)License:On-site interview (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer Electrical - Chandler, AZ
Requirements and Design Reviews.
Problem Solving/Innovation - With limited supervision, applies theoretical knowledge and engineering technical principles to solve more complex electrical engineering problems.
Liaison - Regularly demonstrates involvement with other staff/team members which is mutually beneficial.
Responds in a timely manner to all requests and explores all avenues within authority and makes appropriate referrals to other sources.
Disciplined with escalation when required
Requirements Derivation/ Test Development - Establish requirements for EEE parts, components, or functional systems.
Supports the testing and/or evaluation/validation of one or more elements of an electrical component, subsystem, or system analytical model or actual system implementation.
Analysis and Design - Performs analysis, design, or test of one or more moderately complex or portions of complex designs, components, functional systems.
Supports trade studies for component or subsystem level designs.
Implements and manages changes to circuit, component, or system level design or analytical models under direction and support of more experienced engineers
Involvement in national or international engineering association.
Basic Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's in Engineering with two (2) years of experience.

Or, a Master's degree in Engineering.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Development Program Associate - New York, NY
Requirements: 3.0 or above
Previous relevant internship experience in the construction industry <i>highly</i> preferred
Relocation and Travel: Must be willing to relocate and travel throughout North America
Work Authorization: Permanent authorization to work in the U.S. is required. <i>Dragados USA does not provide sponsorship for employment now or in the future.</i>
Technical Skills: Demonstrate basic proficiency with AutoCAD Primavera, possess strong technical skills, and the ability to learn and apply new skills quickly and efficiently; Proficiency with Microsoft Office software including Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Professional Skills: Motivated, self-starter; eager to learn; excellent communication skills.

WHY DRAGADOS USA?
Dragados Group is one of the construction arms of the ACS Group, which operates in 68 countries, and has consistently been ranked by Public Works Financing (PWF) as the leading concession group in the world. The company has earned worldwide recognition as an expert in the promotion, development, construction and management of infrastructures and services.
Dragados USA ranked 31st overall on the 2017 ENR 400 Contractor List and 7th on ENR’s 2017 Top 50 List of Domestic Heavy Contractors. The group shows a lasting commitment to the infrastructure industry by bringing about improvements and sustainable growth through the development of civil construction and engineering, industrial installations, energy plants, and wastewater treatment plants.
Founded in 1941, Dragados Group has unmatched international experience in infrastructure, bridge, highway, tunnel, dam and marine projects, and is a leader in alternative project delivery, including design-build projects for public and private owners. The company has built over 5,282 miles of highways, 3,107 miles of roads, 1,500 bridges, 840 miles of tunnels, 230 dams, 528 miles of railways, rail transit and numerous rail facilities, and airports.
<i>DRAGADOS INC.</i><i> IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer, Paint - Fremont, CA
Requirements:
 Bachelor’s degree or higher in Electrical or Mechatronics Engineering. 5-10+ years of industry experience in electrical engineering desired. Proficiency designing electrical & power distribution systems in ePlan/AutoCAD Electrical Proficiency in field network topology, both theory and practical applications Knowledge in electrical designs for different regions including NFPA standards or equivalent (local voltage usage, regulations, governing bodies) Proven experience in large scale construction management
o Multi trade with demanding timelines (<4mths)
o Scheduling / schedule management methods
o Site safety management with respect to electrical installations (LOTO, commissioning procedures) Experience creating project documentation
o Drawings, inspections, permits, etc
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>LOAD DISPATCHER 5233 C - City of Los Angeles, CA
Requirements #1, #2, or #3, time spent as an assistant, apprentice, or trainee will not be included as qualifying experience.
Candidates qualifying under Requirement #3 must submit a copy of either an Engineer-in-Training certification or a Professional Engineers license. Candidates will have 7 calendar days from the on-line submission date to submit a copy by attaching it to the on-line application or by submitting it to the Personnel Department, 700 E. Temple Street, Room 100, Los Angeles, CA 90012. Candidates who fail to submit either document within the time required will not be considered further in this examination and their applications will not be processed.
WHERE TO APPLY & APPLICATION DEADLINE

Applications will only be accepted on-line. When you are viewing the on-line job bulletin of your choice, simply scroll to the top of the page and select the "Apply" icon. On-line job bulletins are also available at http://agency.governmentjobs.com/lacity/default.cfm for Open Competitive Examinations.

APPLICATION DEADLINE

Filing may be closed without prior notice after a sufficient number of applications are received. For administrative purposes, filing will close periodically and reopen the following workday.

The multiple-choice test for Load Dispatcher will be held on the second Saturday of every other month until further notice.

Candidates whose City applications are received and approved by Thursday two weeks prior to the scheduled multiple-choice test date will be scheduled to take the test on the 2nd Saturday of the following month.

The multiple-choice test will be administered in a single half-day session. Candidates will be notified later by mail of the time and location of the multiple-choice test.
SELECTION PROCESS

After meeting minimum qualifications, candidates will be scheduled for the following:

Examination Weight: Multiple-Choice Test -100%

The examination score will be based entirely on the results of a multiple-choice written test. In the multiple-choice test, candidates may be examined for knowledge of: common types of trouble with electric transmission and distribution lines and equipment; potential damage to lines and equipment; electrical theory and concepts; arithmetic and algebra; ability to read system diagrams; ability to read and interpret technical material; ability to communicate effectively in the English language; ability to deal tactfully and effectively with others; and other necessary knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Additional information can be obtained by going to http://per.lacity.org/index.cfm?content=jobanalyses and clicking on Competencies under Load Dispatcher.

NOTES:
This examination is based on a validation study, and as provided by Civil Service Commission Rule 4.20, the multiple-choice test will not be subject to candidate inspection.
Candidates may take this test only once every 365 days during the administration of this examination.
All entry-level positions are temporary training positions as defined in Civil Service Commission Rule 5.30. All trainees must complete an intensive three-week evaluation period, a five-week classroom training period, and the first phase of on-the-job training within nine months. All trainees must complete the remaining phase of the on-the-job training and be assigned to a permanent position within eighteen months. A Load Dispatcher may regularly work various shifts including weekends, holidays and overtime.
Applications are accepted subject to review to ensure that minimum qualifications are met. Candidates may be disqualified at any time if it is determined that they do not possess the minimum qualifications stated on this bulletin.
As a covered entity under the Fair Employment and Housing Act and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of disability and upon request, will provide reasonable accommodations to ensure equal access to its programs, services, and activities. To request a disability accommodation, please complete the Disability Accommodation Form within 14 calendar days of the submittal of the City application. The Disability Accommodation Form can be obtained at http://per.lacity.org/exams/verify_disability.pdf.
A final average score of 70% is required to be placed on the eligible list.
Your rank on the employment list may change throughout the year as the scores of candidates from other administrations of this examination are merged onto one list.
Notice:

If you receive and accept an offer of employment to a regular position with the City of Los Angeles, your employee benefit coverage (including health and dental coverage as well as life insurance) will commence approximately six weeks after your original regular appointment. Not all positions in the City receive benefit coverage; you should inquire regarding the availability of employee benefits prior to accepting a position.

THIS EXAMINATION IS TO BE GIVEN ONLY
ON AN OPEN COMPETITIVE BASIS

The City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, creed, color, ancestry, medical condition (cancer), or Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Firmware Engineer - Nicholasville, KY 40356
Requirements:<br/>1. Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or the equivalent<br/>2. Minimum of 3 years’ experience in electronic hardware development both in analog and digital design.<br/>3. Experience in microprocessor based designs, dc power supplies and software integration.<br/>4. Experience in communication protocols a plus.<br/>5. Creative thinker who excels at developing solutions in a short period of time.<br/>6. Good written and oral communication skills.<br/>7. Demonstrates drive and initiative in completing tasks.<br/>8. A team player who can work well with others to accomplish tasks.<br/>9. Ability to work with minimum supervision.<br/>10. Due to contracts with the United States Government, qualified candidates must be a US Citizen.Experience with the following a plus:IDEs: Visual StudioLanguages:Important: C, C++Useful: C#, Python, Java * ArduinoAtmel chips, tools (AVRISP, Atmel ICE, etc.)AndroidFamiliar with Linux (Ubuntu)Experience programming (bare metal) firmware for microprocessor based systemsUsing JTAGsUsing logic analyzers (Saleae or similar)Familiar with Proxmark would be niceFamiliar with TinyG would be niceJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Product Design: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Miami, FL
Requirements

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Requirements
</h2><h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Conditions of Employment
</h3>U.S. Citizenship is required.

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Qualifications
</h3>Basic Requirements: Degree: professional engineering. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1) be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. OR Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying professional engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following:
<i>Professional registration </i>- Current registration as a professional engineer by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration. For example, an applicant who attains registration through a State Board's eminence provision as a manufacturing engineer typically would be rated eligible only for manufacturing engineering positions.
<i>Written Test </i>- Evidence of having successfully passed the Engineer-in-Training (EIT) examination, or the written test required for professional registration, which is administered by the Boards of Engineering Examiners in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico.
Applicants who have passed the EIT examination and have completed all the requirements for either (a) a bachelor's degree in engineering technology (BET) from an accredited college of university that included 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences, or (b) a BET from a program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) may be rated eligible for certain engineering positions at GS-5. Eligibility is limited to positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of the engineering technology program. Applicants for positions that involve highly technical research, development, or similar functions requiring an advanced level of competence in basic science must meet the basic requirements in paragraph A. Because of the diversity in kind and quality of BET programs, graduates of other BET programs are required to complete at least 1 year of additional education or highly technical work experience of such nature as to provide reasonable assurance of the possession of the knowledge, skills, and abilities required for professional engineering competence. The adequacy of this background must be demonstrated by passing the EIT examination.
<i>Specified academic courses </i>- Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of a professional engineering curriculum as described in paragraph A.
<i>Related curriculum </i>- Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in engineering technology or in an appropriate professional field, e.g., physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions. (The above examples of related curricula are not all-inclusive.)
AT THE GS-12 LEVEL: In addition to the basic requirements above, applicants must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular ability, skill, and knowledge to successfully perform the duties of this position and is typically in or related to this line of work. Examples of specialized experience include: Developing preliminary and final construction drawings and specifications; coordinating with other engineers and architects in design development for a project; providing contractor oversight for electrical engineering projects; conducting design reviews of construction drawings and specifications; coordinating building electrical designs with mechanical and architectural engineering.
National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.


The Office of Personnel management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule, C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education
</h3>
This position does have a positive education requirement. If you are including education on your resume, report only attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. See Required Documents section for detail.
Applicants qualifying based on education must submit a legible copy of your unofficial college transcript from an accredited college/university. The transcript must reflect the college/university name and/or logo.
FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet Federal qualification requirements if you can show that your foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence with your application. See Recognition of Foreign Qualifications click here

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additional information
</h3>
Applicants will be required to complete questions contained on the Declaration for Federal Employment (OF-306) at the time a tentative job offer is made. Certain responses on the form could pose a problem with suitability for employment determinations. If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete/make updates to the OF-306 and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, or imprisonment.


DHS uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about e-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities at click here


Recruitment incentives may be authorized.
This is a term appointment not to exceed 2 years. However, an extension is possible up to 4 years.


All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit.


For Veterans' preference eligibility, visit Veterans' Employment Resources .
More than 1 selection may be made from this announcement if additional identical vacancies in the same title, series, grade, and unit occur within 45 days from the date the certificate was issued.


If you need a reasonable accommodation for the application and hiring process, please contact 202-795-6287. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. Visit Reasonable Accommodation

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How You Will Be Evaluated
</h3>You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

We will review your résumé and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated using the on-line assessment to place you in one of three categories.


The necessary Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities to perform this job are:
Knowledge of a wide range of electrical engineering concepts, principles, and methods applicable to varied and complex problems, projects, or studies that may include diverse engineering or other conditions.
Knowledge and skills sufficient to design large and complex electrical engineering systems.
Knowledge of related technical disciplines (i.e. mechanical, civil and ocean engineering and architecture) to ensure areas of overlapping intra-disciplinary responsibilities receive proper design consideration and all project objectives are met
If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be placed in one of the following categories:

1. Best-Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate high proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all Selective Placement Factors (SPF) and appropriate Quality Ranking Factors (QRF) as determined by the job analysis.

2. Well-Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrates acceptable proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis.

3. Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate basic proficiency in most of the critical competencies, including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis.


If you are best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Your resume and responses to the self-assessment questions are an integral part of the process for determining your qualifications for the position. Therefore, you must support your responses to the self-assessment questions by providing examples of past and present experience in your resume.


Veterans with 5-point preference who meet the eligibility and qualification requirements are placed above non-preference eligibles within the category in which they are qualified. Veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10% are listed in the best qualified category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher. For information on veterans' preference, click here.

To preview questions please click here .

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Background checks and security clearance
</h3><h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Security clearance
</h5>Secret
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Drug test required
</h5>No
Required Documents

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Required Documents
</h2>
1. Your resume

2. Your responses to the online questionnaire

3. If you are qualifying based on education, submit a legible copy of your unofficial college transcript from an accredited college/university. The transcript copy must reflect the college/university name and/or logo. Applicants are highly encouraged to proactively order a copy of their official transcripts to be delivered to their home address so transcripts will be readily available if selected. If selected, you will be required to provide official transcripts prior to establishing your start date. Foreign education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet federal qualification requirements if you can show that your foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited institutions in the U.S. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence with your application. See Recognition of Foreign Qualifications click here.

4. If you are claiming special priority selection rights under the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), you must submit a copy of your agency notice, most recent performance rating and most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level and duty location. If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not ICTAP eligible. To be considered eligible, you must be placed in the well-qualified category for this position. Please see ICTAP eligibility.

5. If you are claiming veterans’ preference, please submit the following documents. Please see Feds Hire Vets for detail.
 
a. Veterans claiming 5 point veterans' preference must submit legible Member 4 Copy DD214(s) indicating Character of Service. 5-point preference will not be granted if appropriate documentation is not submitted with your application.
 
b. 30% Disabled Veterans must submit their Member Copy 4 DD-214(s), which includes Character of Service, and VA Disability Letter with percentage of disability OR documentation of disability determination from a branch of the Armed Forces which reflects a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more.
 
c. Other 10 point Preference Eligibles must submit applicable Member Copy 4 DD-214(s), which includes Character of Service, and provide documentation of your other 10 point preference. If claiming 10 point preference, you must provide required documentation described on the back of the SF-15 which proves that you are entitled to such preference. 10-point preference will not be granted if appropriate documentation is not submitted with your application.
 
d. If you are a current active duty military member who does not have a DD214 and is claiming preference under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces indicating that you will be discharged or released under honorable conditions from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. Certifications must be on letterhead from the appropriate military branch and include the following information: military dates of service and expected discharge or release date, character of service, military rank, type of discharge and date when terminal leave will begin. Certifications must be signed by, or by direction of military members’ military personnel offices, unit commanders or higher headquarters.

6. OPM must authorize employment offers for former or current Political Appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information. Submit proof of your former or current status, such as your SF-50. Please see here.


All documentation as outlined above must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you are unable to submit your documents electronically, you may fax or mail the documents. A fax cover sheet will be provided to you from the system, with fax number and instructions to transmit the requested documents. The required documents will also be accepted by mail and must be received by the closing date of the announcement. The mailing address is COMMANDANT (CG-1211SE), ATTN OFFICE OF CIVILIAN HUMAN RESOURCES (JOBS), US COAST GUARD, 2703 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR AVE SE, STOP 7912, WASHINGTON, DC 20593-7912.

<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
</h4>Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Benefits
</h2>A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(K)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and development opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select “Benefits”. Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Electrical Manufacturing Engineer - Santa Barbara, CA 93111
Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Strong knowledge of endoscopic visualization systems including optics, mechanical systems, electronic design, analog circuit design, electro-mechanical design, high speed digital circuits.

Understanding of applicable medical device regulations for electrical safety and EMI/EMC

Demostratable experience in developing and optimizing QA processes, including Final Test and in processes verification of electronic systems.

Demonstratable experience in electronics testing and troubleshooting (digital and analog).

Strong experience in reading electrical schematics, testing and troubleshooting to root cause.

Documentation of manufacturing procedures, test protocols, test reports and CAPA.

Knowledgeable of FDA and ISO 13485 guidelines for the development of medical devices.

Strong communication skills, accountability to project deliverables and budget adherence.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:
Knowledge of electronic test equipment, PC, Logic Analyzers, Oscilloscopes, Video waveform analyzer

Microsoft Office, PCs, schematic capture, PCB layout, and office equipment.

Reasoning Ability:
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.

Mathematical Skills

Ability to comprehend and apply mathematical principles to the degree required to perform the job based upon job requirements.

Language and Communication Skills:
Ability to comprehend and apply language skills to the degree required to perform the job based upon the job requirements listed above. Ability to verbally communicate ideas and issues effectively to other team members and management. Ability to write and record data and information as required by procedures.

Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required sit; use hands and fingers, to handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. To bend frequently and lift up to 50 lbs on a regular basis.

Vision Requirements:
Visual acuity necessary to do the job safely and effectively.

Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Santa Barbara

Nearest Secondary Market: Santa Maria

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate Engineer, Avionics/Electrical Engineering - Canoga Park, CA
Requirements
</h2>Requires a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering (or similiar engineering discipline).
US Citizenship required. Must also be able to satisfy federal government requirements for access to government information, and having dual citizenship may preclude you from being able to meet this requirement.
Additional Requirements:
Must demonstrate exceptional written and verbal communications skills, be proficient in the use of PC, internet, intranet and electronic office applications.
Must be adept at taking direction, work well with teams and be customer focused.
Demonstrated ability to perform on task and follow up on assignments. Must be able to handle multiple projects at the same time and have basic project management skills.
Demonstrate oral, written and presentation skills is a requirement.
Safe work practices, proper ethics and attention to detail are required. Candidate must work with moderate guidance on projects with short-term focus. This position requires a positive attitude and personal interaction with various team members and customers.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with CAD software tools is a plus.
Electrical Engineering major preferred.
Experience working in an electronics laboratory facility.
Exposure to software development tools and languages.
Knowledge of electronic packaging design for space applications, with Aerospace and/or military experience, with an emphasis on Printed Wiring Board design for power electronics.
Knowledge of electronic packaging design for space applications is desirable.
Proficiency in the use of Windchill and CREO is a plus.
Work Environment/Physical Requirements:
Employees in these positions must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer; stamina to sit or stand and maintain attention to detail despite interruptions; may occasionally lift/carry/push/pull up to 25 pounds; may require occasional walking, climbing, stooping, crouching, and/or bending; and vision to read printed materials and a computer screen, and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. May require the ability to travel by air or auto. May require the use of personal protective equipment such as safety glasses, safety shoes, and shop coat. These positions may be expected to work varying shifts and hours to ensure successful operation of activities in the organization.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Intern (Masters &amp; PhD) - San Francisco Bay Area, CA
Requirements:

Currently pursuing a degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering or related field
Minimum Cumulative 3.0/4.0 GPA
Must have understanding of and experience with system design, including writing IC design specifications, developing algorithms and creating system reference models
Knowledge of structured and/or object oriented programming (C, C++) and signal processing tools (Matlab)



Preferred Qualifications:

Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work in teams and collaborate effectively with people in different functions
Strong time management skills that enable on-time project delivery
Ability to build strong, influential relationships
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Ability to take the initiative and drive for results


To be considered for this position, please apply to this requisition.


Texas Instruments will not sponsor job applicants for visas or work authorization for this position.


Texas Instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse, inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to protected characteristics, including race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or age.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineers - San Francisco, CA
Requirements

BS or MS in Electrical Engineering
1 – 5 years of transit industry or related construction, manufacturing, or design experience
Proficient with CAD, simulation, and office software products
Knowledge of electrical codes and standards
Ability to develop design plans, specifications, and cost estimates
Excellent quantitative and analytical skills
Excellent written and verbal English communication skills
Domestic and International travel credentials (travel varies, but likely <20%)
Qualifications

Previous work experience as an Engineer in one or more of the following fields:control/automation, system/test, and communications (e.g. RF or network)
Skilled in technical specification and/or contract writing
Excellence in transit network analysis and/or modeling
Hands on experience as an electrician or similar
Written or verbal Mandarin Chinese language skills
EIT or PE License
Lea+Elliott offers an excellent salary and benefits program. Salary is commensurate with experience.

Please submit resumes detailing relevant experience and qualifications for consideration to ephillips@leaelliott.com. Phone calls not accepted.

<i>Lea+Elliott is an Equal Opportunity Employer.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Power Systems Scientist / Developer - Optimization and Unit Commitment - Medina, MN
Requirements
Masters or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering with Power Systems Emphasis, mathematics or related technical field.
8+ years of job specific experience in developing advanced Power Systems algorithms.
Experience with Optimization and Energy Market functionality.
Experience with Mixed Integer Programming techniques and Unit Commitment.
‘C ‘development experience.
Experience on multiple Operating Systems platforms and cross-platform development.
Benefits
OSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Benefits include health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k) matching, bonuses, profit sharing and a generous amount of paid time off and paid holidays. Additional perks include flexible work hours, employee events, fitness discounts, casual dress code, exciting travel opportunities, employee referral bonus programs, and more. Check out our Life at OSI Facebook page to see more.
As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer Architecture - Chandler, AZ 85224
Requirements</h4>

Qualifications:
Bachelors of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and 7+ years of experience in mixed-signal product/system architecture definition, skills (IC Design, Applications and/or System Design) and background with industry experience.
3+ years of experience with embedded systems is preferred
Total experience required is 10+ years of experience
Lab Validation skills to reproduce customer issues (root cause analysis) and problem-solving skills
Very strong interpersonal skills, communication and influencing skills
Can effectively communicate and organize activities that span multiple groups
Can work in an environment filled with ambiguity and able to work across different organizations
Excellent written/verbal communication and presentation skills with a strong attention to detail
Able to assume responsibility and be proactive in taking initiative to address issues to meet commitments
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
System Engineering Tools (e.g. MATLAB, Simulink)
Micro-controller/processor implementation know-how
Hardware development and layout experience preferred (Altium experience a plus)
Firmware development
Location:
Chandler, AZ
 Travel:
1-2 weeks per quarter domestic and international- must be flexible with work hours as necessary


<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">Equal Opportunity Employer</h4>
Microchip is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of Disabled / Veterans / Minorities / Women. We provide equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state or local laws.

For more information on applicable equal employment regulations, please refer to the EEO is the Law Poster and the EEO is the Law Poster Supplement. Please also refer to the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">Applicants with Disabilities</h4>
If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a medical condition or disability, please send us an email here with "Applicant Accommodation Request" in the subject line of the email. Alternatively, you may call us at 480-730-7330 to let us know the nature of your request.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Analyst, Electrical Engineering - Benton Harbor, MI 49022
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering.
5+ years of experience in creating and integrating core motor control algorithms for permanent magnet motors and controlled induction motors into products.
Preferred Requirements:
Master’s Degree in Motor Control preferred.
Ph.D. Degree is preferred.
In-depth understanding of electrical machines particularly Permanent Magnet (Brushless Direct Current) BLDC and (Brushless Alternating Current) BLAC.
Extensive experience designing and implementing motor control methodologies particularly Field Oriented and Direct Torque controls
Understanding of higher level control schemes such as feedback, feedforward, and model predictive control.
Proficiency in embedded C programming and debugging tools.
Proficiency in Matlab /Simulink tools and familiarity with (Software in the Loop) SIL, (Model in the Loop) MIL, (Processor in the Loop) PIL, (Hardware in the Loop) HIL methodologies.
FMEA, requirements management, project management, problem-solving methodologies, and tools.
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Ability to work in a cross-functional and global team.
Good communication and self-management skills.
RSRWH
Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) is the world’s leading major home appliance company, with approximately $21 billion in annual sales, 92,000 employees and 70 manufacturing and technology research centers in 2017. The company markets Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Indesit and other major brand names in nearly every country throughout the world.
At Whirlpool Corporation, we believe that all people matter. Celebrating diversity and including thousands of perspectives empower us to create products that blend into every concept of home. Whirlpool Corporation is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
Additional information about the company can be found on Twitter at @WhirlpoolCorp.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer I - Rockford, IL
Requirements
Experience designing analog and digital circuits
Circuit simulation using SPICE software
Schematic capture and PCB layout
Interest in developing Test and Measure Meters
Ability to create embedded software for microcontroller based products (C, C++, Assembly)
Candidate should have experience with basic meters, scopes, spectrum analyzers and test equipment
Preference will be given to candidates with prior knowledge and experience with one or more of the following: instrumentation, motor controls, software design, user interface of industrial equipment
Additional experience in the following is also preferred: automation, PLC development (ladder logic and structured text), HMI development, servo and stepper motors, multiple axis systems, motor tuning, control cabinet layout, motion control, power electronics and machine safetySome travel required, including internationally
Work Authorization
No calls or agencies please. Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Equal Opportunity Employer
Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Chicago, IL
Requirements</h4>
B.S., Electrical Engineering
PE required
7-10+ years of related experience
Strong knowledge of AutoCAD; experience with MicroStation a plus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Controls Engineer - Denver, CO
Requirements: - 5 years AutoCAD experience- 5 years programming PLCs with Rockwell Software RSLogix 5000 / Studio 5000- Proficient with Rockwell Software FTView Studio software- Proficient with VFDs, troubleshooting control circuits, industrial control products, etc.- 5 years experience doing similar industrial automation projects and traveling to the customer's site for job startups.- Strong technical writing ability for customer manuals and documentation.Additional Info: Experience in the Food & Beverage Industry is a plus.This position requires 25-40% travel for job startups.No relocation package.Must have a clean driving record.Western Industrial Contractors is a drug free workplace.We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings.Know more about us visit: Westerncon.comJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearExperience:AutoCAD: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Denver, CO (Preferred)License:Driver's License (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Firmware Engineer - Nicholasville, KY 40356
Requirements:<br/>1. Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or the equivalent<br/>2. Minimum of 3 years’ experience in electronic hardware development both in analog and digital design.<br/>3. Experience in microprocessor based designs, dc power supplies and software integration.<br/>4. Experience in communication protocols a plus.<br/>5. Creative thinker who excels at developing solutions in a short period of time.<br/>6. Good written and oral communication skills.<br/>7. Demonstrates drive and initiative in completing tasks.<br/>8. A team player who can work well with others to accomplish tasks.<br/>9. Ability to work with minimum supervision.<br/>10. Due to contracts with the United States Government, qualified candidates must be a US Citizen.Experience with the following a plus:IDEs: Visual StudioLanguages:Important: C, C++Useful: C#, Python, Java * ArduinoAtmel chips, tools (AVRISP, Atmel ICE, etc.)AndroidFamiliar with Linux (Ubuntu)Experience programming (bare metal) firmware for microprocessor based systemsUsing JTAGsUsing logic analyzers (Saleae or similar)Familiar with Proxmark would be niceFamiliar with TinyG would be niceJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Product Design: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Audio Electrical Hardware Engineer - Ozark, MO
Requirements :
 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering
 Minimum 5 years of industry proven experience
 Experience with high fidelity analog & digital audio circuit design, operational amplifiers, and high dynamic range audio data converter
 Experience with audio power amplifier design - emphasis on high-efficiency techniques such as Class-D amplifiers preferre
 Solid understanding of switch-mode power conversion for use in DC/DC power supplies
 Familiarity with high frequency magnetic design utilized within switching power converters
 Experience designing circuits and products that meet international compliance and safety regulations
 Self-motivated with the ability to perform design & development tasks with minimal oversight
 Great team player with strong verbal and written communication skills
 Highly proficient using engineering development tools – circuit simulation, schematic capture, numerical computing environments, integrated development environments, etc.
 Proficiency with Mentor Graphics development tools would be preferred
 Skilled using laboratory test & measurement equipment such as mixed signal oscilloscopes, audio analyzers, power analyzers, etc.
 Ability to work independently and collaboratively with diverse teams, both functionally and geographically
 Proven ability of working hands-on and multitasking
 Solid written, verbal and technical language proficiency
 Ability to travel domestically and internationally, with one or more trips per year
 Willing to relocate to the Springfield, Missouri area


Equal Employment Opportunity:

Dolby is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Our success depends on the combined skills and talents of all our employees. We are committed to making employment decisions without regard to race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, marital status, family status, medical condition, disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances.

#LI-VH1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Los Gatos, CA
Requirements: Energetic, holding a BSEE or related degree coupled with 3 to 7 years of electrical engineering experience, with some exposure to the medical device/equipment industry. Possess a solid familiarity with the design, manufacturing and sourcing of electrical components. Familiarity with prototyping, simulation, debug, and testing of circuits is preferred. Familiarity of IEC/UL-60601 and related standards is also preferred.
Our fast-paced environment demands the ability to manage multiple projects within various disciplines and deadlines. High-energy, self-starters with the following qualities:
Good communication skills
Flexibility to multi-task and perform a wide range of activities
Excellent computer skills, including MS Office proficiency

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Apex, NC
Requirements

Qualified individuals will have the following minimum requirements:

BS in Electrical Engineering

5+ years of relevant experience

Ability to use schematic capture tools

Solid understanding of the operation of data acquisition fundamentals (for example plug-in data acquisition cards, RS232, GPIB, PXI devices and signal conditioning of various sensors)

Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills to include using a multimeter, oscilloscope, and soldering iron

Willingness to contribute ideas and work closely with Software Engineering and Fabrication staff

Strong desire to learn and expand knowledge and skills

Ability to multi-task and take initiative

Solid written and verbal communication skills

The following additional skills and experience are a plus:
Fixture design skills

Familiarity using National Instruments hardware and LabView software

Candidates should be enthusiastic and self-motivated with an interest in real computer applications and must be able to interact well with clients during all phases of the system integration process.

G2 offers a comprehensive benefits package including Medical & Dental insurance, a 401K, paid personal time off, paid holidays and a quarterly bonus plan.

Job Features

Job Category Full time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Protection and Controls (P&amp;C) Design Engineer - Rockland, MA 02370
Requirements: 4+ years in electric utility substation design (similar electrical consulting or industrial design will be considered)ControlPoint offers a competitive salary and benefits package that includes 401k matching program, bonus program, education reimbursement, PE license support, and training. Paid holidays and vacation.ControlPoint provides a teamwork culture for motivated entrepreneurs with high regard for engineering excellence. Must have valid Driver's License and ability to travel throughout the Northeast for Field Assignments. Travel is typically day trips, weekly deployments may be required.This position reports to our offices in Rockland, Massachusetts.Must be authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Internship - San Diego, CA
Requirements 
In study towards a Master's or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.

Must be available for at least 3 months. (May-Sept 2019)

Coursework or project experience in communication theory, signal processing, error correcting codes, information theory, probability and random processes, digital communications, DSP.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - San Jose, CA
Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering and engineering tradesMinimum of 4 years engineering experience in maintenance programs and operational efficiencies.BS Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent engineering degree with a minimum of four years related experience.Knowledge of database software, internet software, project management software, spreadsheet software and word processing software.Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents.Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community.Ability to write speeches and articles for publication that conform to prescribed style and format.Ability to effectively present information to top management, public groups, and/or boards of directors.Ability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations.Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis.Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables<i>Indeed Hire and GCC of America are working together to find the best candidate for this job. </i><i>By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application.</i>*<br/>*Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 4 years (Required)Supervisory/leadership: 1 year (Required)High voltage (4160): 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical/Battery Engineer - Santa Ana, CA 92704
Requirements/Working Conditions: This position performs some sedentary office work and requires the ability to move throughout the building to interact with employees/vendors. The position answers telephone calls, bends, reaches and pushes and pulls file drawers. This position uses a computer terminal to access, input and retrieve data. Finger dexterity may be required to operate a computer keyboard and calculator.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:battery related: 2 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Grand Rapids, MI
Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering is requiredProfessional Engineer License (PE) or E.I.T. required.2 to 10 year of experienceLEED Design/CertificationAutoCAD and REVIT experienceKnowledge of fire alarm requirements, different type of building requirements and drawing and coordinating design components in 3D draftingResponsibilities: Serve as Project Manager of electrical only projects .Establish budgets, develop engineering services proposals and maintain and develop client relationships.Working with all aspects of electrical engineering related to the building industry.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $100,000.00 /yearExperience:Civil Engineering: 2 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Grand Rapids, MI (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer, Corporate Engineering - Evansville, IN
Requirements</h2>
Basic Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering
A minimum of 3 years of experience in production or process experience; automotive experience is a plus but not required; automotive glass experience is preferred
A working knowledge of computer aided-design equipment and computerized processes is preferred
Strong technical knowledge of glass cutting, edging and bending for the automotive industry is preferred
Travel for project work, is required.<i> At least 60%</i>
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) for interactions with management, peers, other associates, vendors and contractors
Ability to trouble-shoot, analyze and resolve problems, plan, organize and share information
Ability to work independently and manage projects to established timelines as performance is measured against project goals and specific assignments
Ability to lead and effectively participate in teams
Ability to work without close supervision

 ----------------------------- 

<title>(Electrical Engineer) R&amp;D Engineer 1 - Los Alamos, NM
Requirements:
Knowledge through either coursework and advanced studies, or previous experience in 1 or more of the following areas:
Detonator Firing Systems (design, qualification, hardening, or troubleshooting)
Software design applicable to system control
Pulse Power research, design, application
Analog Design
Development and implementation of advanced diagnostic techniques associated with detonator firing systems and detonators
Time and frequency domain acquisition (oscilloscopes, network analyzer, signal generators, spectrum analyzer, TDR) and analysis techniques.
Demonstrated knowledge of LabVIEW and National Instrument hardware (primarily cRIO and sbRIO components)
Knowledge of and experience in design & analysis tools, such as simulation tools, electromagnetic design tools, schematic capture, printed circuit board layout and signal integrity analysis tools.
Experience in and knowledge of data analysis tools, such as Matlab and LabVIEW.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team with emphasis on self-initiative and technical leadership to develop high quality and proven solutions for customer needs.
Excellent oral, written and presentation communication skills. Demonstrated successful experience working in an integrated team environment.
Ability to read and interpret electrical engineering design drawings and effectively apply fundamental problem analysis skills.
Knowledge of, and experience with, quality requirements
Desired Skills:
Experience with the following:
analog circuit design
high voltage switch trigger design
multipoint initiation systems
processing and analysis of experimental data sets
error analysis of diagnostics
detonator modeling in particular electrical modeling of detonator bridges
debugging & troubleshooting circuits/prototypes, including fault analysis
high voltage safety
modeling of pulse discharge components in particular nonlinear dependencies upon voltage, current, action, frequency, etc.
spark gaps, surface discharge switches and/or pulse power semiconductor switches
high voltage capacitors
electromagnetic design (cavities, transmission lines, waveguides)
Experience modeling with SPICE for circuits and electromagnetic field simulation software
Experience designing high current/high voltage pulse discharge circuits
Experience in system miniaturization, e.g. MEMS
Experience utilizing and/or developing signal-processing techniques of dynamical systems.
Knowledge of the NNSA Enterprise design laboratory and plant interactions and operations.
Demonstrated experience in secure work environment or working with sensitive or classified information
Understanding and/or experience with LANL Weapons Quality Assurance Program and Engineering Authorization System
Knowledge/experience of software quality assurance and source code configuration management practices.
Active Q clearance.
Education: A minimum of a BS in engineering from an Accreditation Board or Engineering and Technology (ABET) college or university program is required; advanced degree is strongly preferred.
Work Environment: Outdoors, domestic/foreign travel.
Notes to Applicants: For full consideration, applicants must submit a comprehensive cover letter that addresses the key requirements of the position.
Additional Details:
Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.

Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.

New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.

Regular position: Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.

Internal Applicants: Please refer to Laboratory policy P701 for applicant eligibility.
Equal Opportunity: Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader"><i>Where You Will Work</i></h2>
Located in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.
The Detonator Technology Group (Q-6) is the design authority for detonator designs, high-explosive initiation system research and development, advanced detonator diagnostic development, detonator qualification testing, and associated surety and surveillance activities. Q-6 operates and maintains explosives and electronic test laboratories and focuses on ensuring programmatic and operational excellence throughout the organization.
Appointment TypeRegular Regular Minimum Salary80100 Maximum Salary131000

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Denver, CO
Requirements

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering degree.

One to three years of design experience.

3D Design Package Experience

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Facility Engineer (Electrical) - Dallas, TX
Requirements: This is a position that requires maturity and an individual that accepts and takes ownership of their responsibilities while understanding that our clients expect and will receive "excellence with a sense of urgency" in a 24/7, 365 day facility.

This is a night shift position:

Requires a min of 6 years in the US military in an industrial electrical field; Prime Power, Red Horse, Navy Nuclear Power Program, etc..
Sound electrical and controls skills with a systematic approach to troubleshooting equipment casualties.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to positively influence technical and engineering personnel who don't work for you but are completing projects you are responsible for.
Willing to work for a company with a team working culture and positive mental approach to communicating and interacting with team mates, management and customers.
Ability to pass a drug screen and background check.
Must have the capability to function in a physically demanding environment
Ability to work 12-hour night shift
Compensation: Hourly position with a shift differential and compensated overtime, the total compensation will be in the $80-90k range.

Benefits: Corporate benefits package provided

Highly desire prior military technicians with an Electrical or Controls background for this opportunity. This is NOT a contract position but is a full-time position with a highly regarded, multi-national corporation. Prior military technicians interested in this opportunity should reach out to Michael Erikson at Magellan Professional Solutions by e-mail; merikson(at)magellan-ps.com

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Level Electrical Product Engineer (2019) - Saginaw, MI
Requirements:
Deep understanding of engineering theory and principles of design
Oral and written communications skills
Understanding of probability and statistical analysis
Interest in product design, particularly automotive
Familiarity with manufacturing processes and controls
High level of analytical ability where problems are unusual or difficult
High level of interpersonal skills to work effectively with others
Demonstrated project leadership skills
Advance understanding of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing
General understanding of vehicle ride dynamics (Preferred)
Strong computer application experience in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint

Education:

Bachelor - Electrical Engineering
Minimum cumulative GPA requirement of 2.7
Candidate must have right to work in the US and not require current or future sponsorship

Equal Opportunity Employer Disabled/Minorities/Veterans/Women
VEVRAA Federal Contractor
Nexteer is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an internet based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA) that allows participating employees to electronically verify the employment eligibility of their newly hired employees in the United States.
Accessibility for Applicants with Disabilities: If you need a reasonable accommodation for the online application process due to a disability please call 1-989-757-5000. Please provide your contact information and details about the posted position of interest. Only inquiries regarding assistance for those who need an accommodation with the online application process due to a disability will be returned.

Nearest Major Market: Saginaw

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Cleveland, OH
Requirements: Experience with or knowledge of sizing and specifying electrical motors and associated electrical drive components based on project requirements.Experience with or knowledge of conducting multiphysics analysis to support sizing and specifications of unique/custom electrical motors and associated electrical drive componentsExperience with or knowledge of delivering system level reports based on multiphysics analysis to support thermal, electrical, magnetic and mechanical engineering efforts.Experience with or knowledge of electrical motors and associated electrical drive components testing procedures/setups.Experience with or knowledge of electrical motors and associated electrical drive components fabrication and assemblyU.S. Citizenship requiredOther Desired Skills: Experience using ANSYS and COMSOLPerforming trade studies and compromises using sub-disciplinesAbility to work independently or as a member of a development teamEducation/Experience: BS/MS/PhD in Electrical Engineering0 to 5 years of experienceJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - San Francisco, CA
Requirements</h3>
B.S. or M.S. in electrical or computer engineering, or equivalent technical degree
A passion for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development
Demonstrated ability to personally design, build, and test hardware from scratch
Strong analog/mixed-signal circuit design skills
Experience with debugging circuits with embedded software, from oscilloscope to firmware
US Citizenship or Green Card
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Bonus</h3>
Experience with Python programming
Experience with automated HW testing
Experience with electromechanical elements
Knowledge of radiation effects on semiconductors
View our other jobs here https://jobs.lever.co/astranis

 ----------------------------- 

<title>(Electrical Engineer) R&amp;D Engineer 1 - Los Alamos, NM
Requirements:
Knowledge through either coursework and advanced studies, or previous experience in 1 or more of the following areas:
Detonator Firing Systems (design, qualification, hardening, or troubleshooting)
Software design applicable to system control
Pulse Power research, design, application
Analog Design
Development and implementation of advanced diagnostic techniques associated with detonator firing systems and detonators
Time and frequency domain acquisition (oscilloscopes, network analyzer, signal generators, spectrum analyzer, TDR) and analysis techniques.
Demonstrated knowledge of LabVIEW and National Instrument hardware (primarily cRIO and sbRIO components)
Knowledge of and experience in design & analysis tools, such as simulation tools, electromagnetic design tools, schematic capture, printed circuit board layout and signal integrity analysis tools.
Experience in and knowledge of data analysis tools, such as Matlab and LabVIEW.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team with emphasis on self-initiative and technical leadership to develop high quality and proven solutions for customer needs.
Excellent oral, written and presentation communication skills. Demonstrated successful experience working in an integrated team environment.
Ability to read and interpret electrical engineering design drawings and effectively apply fundamental problem analysis skills.
Knowledge of, and experience with, quality requirements
Desired Skills:
Experience with the following:
analog circuit design
high voltage switch trigger design
multipoint initiation systems
processing and analysis of experimental data sets
error analysis of diagnostics
detonator modeling in particular electrical modeling of detonator bridges
debugging & troubleshooting circuits/prototypes, including fault analysis
high voltage safety
modeling of pulse discharge components in particular nonlinear dependencies upon voltage, current, action, frequency, etc.
spark gaps, surface discharge switches and/or pulse power semiconductor switches
high voltage capacitors
electromagnetic design (cavities, transmission lines, waveguides)
Experience modeling with SPICE for circuits and electromagnetic field simulation software
Experience designing high current/high voltage pulse discharge circuits
Experience in system miniaturization, e.g. MEMS
Experience utilizing and/or developing signal-processing techniques of dynamical systems.
Knowledge of the NNSA Enterprise design laboratory and plant interactions and operations.
Demonstrated experience in secure work environment or working with sensitive or classified information
Understanding and/or experience with LANL Weapons Quality Assurance Program and Engineering Authorization System
Knowledge/experience of software quality assurance and source code configuration management practices.
Active Q clearance.
Education: A minimum of a BS in engineering from an Accreditation Board or Engineering and Technology (ABET) college or university program is required; advanced degree is strongly preferred.
Work Environment: Outdoors, domestic/foreign travel.
Notes to Applicants: For full consideration, applicants must submit a comprehensive cover letter that addresses the key requirements of the position.
Additional Details:
Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.

Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.

New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.

Regular position: Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.

Internal Applicants: Please refer to Laboratory policy P701 for applicant eligibility.
Equal Opportunity: Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader"><i>Where You Will Work</i></h2>
Located in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.
The Detonator Technology Group (Q-6) is the design authority for detonator designs, high-explosive initiation system research and development, advanced detonator diagnostic development, detonator qualification testing, and associated surety and surveillance activities. Q-6 operates and maintains explosives and electronic test laboratories and focuses on ensuring programmatic and operational excellence throughout the organization.
Appointment TypeRegular Regular Minimum Salary80100 Maximum Salary131000

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Powertrain Integration Engineer - Palo Alto, CA
Requirements
BS degree in Mechatronics, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science
Minimum 3 years working on development of complex electro-mechanical projects
Exceptional ability to keep multiple projects moving forwards in parallel
Hands-on technical experience debugging complex systems involving networked microprocessors and software-controlled electrical or electromechanical devices
Proven ability to use programming to solve challenging problems and increase own/team’s efficiency through automation
Experience with C and Python are preferred
Ability to fluently interpret system data to gain an full understanding of logged events
Thorough understanding of mechanics fundamentals - and ability to apply them to automotive concepts
Understanding of low voltage and high voltage circuits and how to debug them
Experience with CAN and Vector CAN tools is a plus
Experience with Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) and Hazard Analysis and Risk Assessment (HARA) is a plus
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Computational Linguistics Specialist (remote) - Cupertino, CA
RequirementsSolid foundation in natural language processing and machine learningSignificant experience with state-of-art deep learningProgramming experience with C++, Objective C or similar object oriented languagesFluent in the language requiredStrong communications skillsAbility to work well as part of a teamPreferred Experience/Skills: Native speaker fluency in one or more commercially important natural languages.Some focus or experience in computational linguistics, classification, information retrieval, natural language processing, machine learning or related sub-fields.iOS or Mac OS X development skills.Education: B.S/MSc in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related fields.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Professor, Open Rank, Engineering - San Francisco, CA 94117
Requirements:

We are looking for a faculty candidate with a passion for teaching and pedagogy and who is excited by the prospect of being part of the development of a new engineering program, as well as having a record of excellence in research and an interest in engaging undergraduates. Candidates holding a PhD in any of the subdisciplines or related areas are encouraged to apply. Experience developing courses at multiple levels of the undergraduate curriculum is preferred. Candidates should also have a strong, demonstrable commitment to diversity and inclusive excellence.
The successful candidate will possess many, if not all, of the following characteristics:
An earned doctorate in an engineering discipline, along with a record of distinguished research.Experience with best practices in engineering education.Experience with curriculum design.An entrepreneurial, forward-looking mindset.Strong interpersonal communication skills.An understanding of the unique qualities of a Jesuit education and the ways in which engineering can promote Jesuit values.

Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

For information on how to apply, please visit the following link: www.usfjobs.com

EEO Policy
The University of San Francisco is an equal opportunity institution of higher education. As a matter of policy, the University does not discriminate in employment, educational services and academic programs on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, religious creed, ancestry, national origin, age (except minors), sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition (cancer-related and genetic-related) and disability, and the other bases prohibited by law. The University reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities under the law.

Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved.

Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency

jeid-ef503b8e9f20b14cb47fbd90fde287ee

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Level System Test Engineer - East Hartford, CT
Requirements: S., Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering;US Citizenship mandatory.Assets: System knowledge in Turbomachinery & aircraft engines;Interest in troubleshooting complex hardware, system and software problems;Software Knowledge: Labview, SCADE, Matlab / Simulink, Microsoft Office, DOORS, SVN;Basics in protocols CAN, ARINC, RS-422, Ethernet;Good communication, interpersonal skills, team-player;Curiosity, autonomy, pro-activity and ability to find solutions and compromises.Please note that only the selected candidates will be contacted.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Applications Engineering Intern - Full-time - Summer 2019 - Centennial, CO 80112
Requirements & Skills
Act as a resource for field technical team and liaison with customer engineers
Provide comprehensive, alternative PEMCO (Passive Electromechanical and Connector) design solutions for customers
Understand and deliver full gamut of PEMCO solutions for applications, including tools, interoperability with active components, 3rd party design services, etc.
Deliver ideas appropriate for specific applications swiftly and professionally
Understand and execute successful Arrow and supplier demand creation strategies
Interface and coordinate with a number of Arrow internal resources as well as supplier product and strategic marketing contacts
Provide expertise and assistance in a variety of early design services to accelerate customer time to market and provide them with a competitive edge
Build relationships with industry subject matter experts
Attend key supplier training events and participate in online training
Education & Experience
Currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s in Engineering with a concentration in Electrical, Mechanical or Computer and an anticipated graduation date no earlier than May/June 2019
Available to work full time (40 hrs/week) during the summer (May/June through early August)
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Excellent Excel, PowerPoint, and Word skills.
Ability to deliver creative and innovative thoughts.
Able to objectively craft, compare and contrast multiple solutions per application
Thrive on new technology while staying grounded in practical solutions
Ability to prioritize based on opportunities and effectively multitask are a must
Compensation
This is a paid position

<h1 class="jobSectionHeader">Location:</h1>
Denver (Centennial)

<h1 class="jobSectionHeader">Time Type:</h1>
Full time

<h1 class="jobSectionHeader">Job Category:</h1>
Non-Customer Facing/Supplier Facing

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate Electrical Engineer - Gilbert, AZ
Requirements and Design Reviews.

Problem Solving/Innovation - With supervision, applies theoretical knowledge and engineering technical principles to solve basic electrical engineering problems.

Liaison - Interacts well with other staff/team members, effective at relationships with peers and manager.
Responds in a timely manner to all requests.

Requirements Derivation/ Test Development - Establish requirements and procedures to evaluate purchased equipment or EEE parts. Under supervision, supports the testing and/or evaluation/ validation of one or more elements of an electrical component, subsystem, or system analytical model or actual system implementation.
Analysis and Design - Under relatively close direction, performs a variety of specific engineering tasks of an analysis, design, or test nature.
Education and Experience

BS in Electrical Engineering

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Carlsbad, CA 92010
Requirements
The Electrical Engineer will be an integral part of advancing Diakont’s design of systems and subsystems for applications in the energy industry, such as nuclear power plants and oil & gas pipelines. Specific areas of design will include cameras, robotics and non-destructive testing systems. As a member of a small but critical engineering team, the Electrical Engineer will be responsible for creating electrical systems, schematics, and printed circuit boards, as well as leading regular design reviews.
Other duties include:
Ensures on-time execution of project deliverables.
Perform systems engineering to modify existing systems to function in new application.
Design analog and digital (firmware) electrical systems of medium complexity.
Specify and source off the shelf electrical components, including passive components, transistors, ICs, motors, power supplies, tools, etc.
Write assembly instructions, test procedures, instruction manual sections and verification and validation reports to company standards, concisely and unambiguously.
Lead small to medium size teams of multiple disciplines, including ownership of the team’s work.
Lead projects of small to medium scope, including ownership of the project engineering schedule.
Analyze specification requirements, synthesize project parameters.
Perform Failure Modes and Effects Analysis for electrical designs.
The Electrical Engineer role at Diakont requires someone with extensive product design and prototyping experience, as well as impeccable attention to detail and time management skills. We are looking for high-energy and organized professionals who are passionate about the work they do. This position will greatly influence the organization in important ways and enhance the quality and efficiency of the work we do.
We are looking for candidates with a BSEE (BS Electrical Engineering or Electronics Engineering) who have at least three years of experience in electrical design and analysis. The ideal candidate will display strong knowledge of printed circuit board layout for low frequency mixed-signal systems, have the ability to troubleshoot complex problems, and is proficient in EDA software (Altium, PADS, ORCAD). Specifically we are looking for candidates who support Diakont’s vision and are passionate about joining a collaborative and growing team.
Why Diakont?
Diakont is an Equal Opportunity Employer offering competitive salaries, generous paid time off, full health benefits (medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts) and a generous 401(k) employer matching program.
Please tell us about the skills and experience that would make you a great candidate for this role!

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ENGINEERING ASSOCIATE - ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING and RELIABILITY - Houston, TX
Requirements

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited institution, or similar.
Minimum 15 years of experience as an Electrical or Reliability engineer or equivalent role with a proven track record in an Engineering Contractor and/or Operating Company covering the detailed engineering, operational, and maintenance aspects of electrical systems and the following equipment:
MV and LV induction & synchronous motors
MV and LV induction & synchronous generators
MV and LV switchgears including protection and control
Variable speed drive and soft start systems
Power and distribution transformers
Instrument power distribution with uninterruptible power supply systems
Sound knowledge of hazardous area equipment selection and application
Up-to-date knowledge of major international codes & standards
The ability to work and communicate effectively in an influencing role across a diverse range of cultures.
Experience performing reliability predications and analysis for industrial gas, petrochemical, chemical or manufacturing systems.
Practical experience using and evaluating condition monitoring equipment and its data output analytics, in interpreting the data to make decisions related to equipment reliability.
Have Professional Engineer, Chartered Engineer Status or similar level of professional certification.
English as the primary language.

Required Skills

Passionate focus on electrical safety.
Strong knowledge of electrical equipment and systems, including aging of equipment.
Strong knowledge of maintenance excellence processes in a chemical manufacturing environment.
Ability to bridge between technical evaluation and commercial recommendation and a course of action.
Leader of change, with ability to influence and gain support from operator/craft level to executive leadership.
Excellent critical thinking skills and business acumen.
Strong interpersonal, communications, facilitation and presentation skills.
Frequent travel (25-30%) to operating facilities and other regional engineering and operations centers.

 Air Products (NYSE:APD) is a world-leading Industrial Gases company in operation for over 75 years. The Company’s core industrial gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. Air Products is also the world’s leading supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company had fiscal 2017 sales of $8.2 billion from continuing operations in 50 countries and has a current market capitalization of approximately $30 billion. Approximately 15,000 passionate, talented and committed employees from a diversity of backgrounds are driven by Air Products’ higher purpose to create innovative solutions that benefit the environment, enhance sustainability and address the challenges facing customers, communities and the world<i>.</i>

To apply for this position, please visit the Air Products Career Center. You can apply specifically to Job Req #23031BR. If you are a current Air Products employee, please apply via APOnline by clicking on Online Applications, then selecting Career Center.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

#LI-LS1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Energy Engineer - San Francisco, CA
Requirements</h2>
A drive to eradicate energy waste in buildings and plants
Self-directed and can manage multiple projects and prioritize time and resources accordingly
Ability to work with our team and under pressure
Ability to set up trends in building automation systems and launch data loggers (including power loggers) or the commitment to learn.
Experience with SkySpark fault detection & diagnostic software or the commitment to learn.
Has experience with all of the following systems - HVAC, lighting, electrical, plumbing, building management systems/DDC controls, boilers, chillers, condenser units, cooling towers, air handling equipment, zone terminal equipment.
Engineering-level knowledge of facilities maintenance procedures, standards, and construction QA/QC and scheduling
Strong ability to communicate to a variety of technical and non-technical stakeholders verbally and through writing
Understanding of energy conservation principles and techniques including energy analysis
Provide superior, friendly service
Display well developed verbal and technical writing skills
Expert with Excel, proficient in Microsoft Office. Other engineering software skills (eQuest, Energy Pro, Trane Trace or similar) a plus
Available for travel
Please submit a resume and cover letter via email in PDF Format to info@ecocosminc.com.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Milpitas, CA
Requirements</h3>
MS with a minimum 3+ years of experience in electronic system design; or BS with a minimum 5+ years of experience in electronic system design.
Experience in designing PCBAs using Altium PCBA design tools.
Experience with bringing up PCBAs and development platforms.
Experience with digital and analog circuit design and debugging.
Experience with ARM Cortex MCU.
Experience with Low Power embedded system design.
Experience with 2.4GHz and Sub-1GHz RF design.
Working knowledge of common digital communications (I2C, SPI, IART) and wireless communications (BLE, NFC, WiFi).
Demonstrate ability to test, analyze, and solve technical problems independently.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additionally, the ideal candidate will possess the following:</h3>
Strong knowledge of US FDA Quality System Requirements, ISO 13485, ISO 14971, and IEC 60601.
Strong technical/leadership skills, decisive, determined, strategic and able to lead, motivate, and inspire others.
Demonstrated track record of strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated track record of PCB and PCBA manufacturing methodologies and processes.
Experience with programming in C language and Python preferred.
A strong team player, results-oriented, excellent communicator, and comfortable in an entrepreneurial environment.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education Requirements</h3>
Bachelor’s Degree (BS) in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.
Master’s Degree (MS) in Engineering discipline, preferred.

What will you do at Bigfoot Biomedical?

What you do here at Bigfoot will largely be defined by your existing skills and desire to grow to help us achieve the above. We have an employee-friendly working environment that provides bike racks and showers, lunch and snacks, and flexible hours. Our culture helps us stay focused on our goals.

We have competitive benefits. We have a great team culture. We understand that we all need to succeed as a team. We have fun while we're building a solution we can be proud of.

If you're ready to make a dent in the universe, join the mission, and feel like what you do every day isn't just a job, come talk to us!

Bigfoot Biomedical, Inc., provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electronics Engineer, Electronic Power Conversion - Littleton, CO 80125
Requirements Verification, Production, Formal Acceptance, Delivery, Installation and Product Support.

Typically has 14 - 20 years of professional experience.

This position requires the selected candidate to be a US Citizen
To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking.

Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
MedicalDental401kPaid time offWork/life balanceCareer developmentMentorship opportunitiesRewards & recognition
Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors or Masters degree in an Electrical/Electronics program or other related discipline from an accredited college/university.
Demonstrated circuit design and troubleshooting understanding
Demonstrated circuit analysis understanding
Demonstrated understanding of power supply design
Desired Skills:
Understanding of analog and digital circuit design.Ability to interpret and create electrical schematics.Worst case analysis experience, including use of analysis tools (i.e. Mathcad, Pspice, Saber etc.).Experience with Test and Measurement Equipment;Experience with Zuken, ORCAD or comparable drawing package.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer, Corporate Engineering - Evansville, IN
Requirements</h2>
Basic Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering
A minimum of 3 years of experience in production or process experience; automotive experience is a plus but not required; automotive glass experience is preferred
A working knowledge of computer aided-design equipment and computerized processes is preferred
Strong technical knowledge of glass cutting, edging and bending for the automotive industry is preferred
Travel for project work, is required.<i> At least 60%</i>
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) for interactions with management, peers, other associates, vendors and contractors
Ability to trouble-shoot, analyze and resolve problems, plan, organize and share information
Ability to work independently and manage projects to established timelines as performance is measured against project goals and specific assignments
Ability to lead and effectively participate in teams
Ability to work without close supervision

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. System, Hardware and Mechanical Design Engineer - Hill AFB, UT
Requirements (In Addition to Physical, Mental, and Communication Demands Listed Above):Education:Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field. Prefer an advanced degree.Experience:· At least ten years of relevant professional experience in systems, mechanical, or electrical engineeringSkills/Knowledge:· Excellent communication, problem-solving, and teamwork skills.Security Clearance Requirements· SECRET level clearance within 5 years.Job Type: ContractSalary: $80,000.00 to $125,000.00 /yearExperience:relevant professional experience in systems, mechanical, or: 10 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)License:Security Clearance (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Somerville, NJ
Requirements: Experience: 4+ years of experience with electrical design for buildings, preferably with commercial projects such as retail or restaurantsEducation: Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering requiredLicenses: P.E. desiredTravel: Up to 20%Physical: Ability to lift up to 10 lbs.Software: AutoCAD and MS Office required; Revit a plusJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Los Gatos, CA
Requirements: Energetic, holding a BSEE or related degree coupled with 3 to 7 years of electrical engineering experience, with some exposure to the medical device/equipment industry. Possess a solid familiarity with the design, manufacturing and sourcing of electrical components. Familiarity with prototyping, simulation, debug, and testing of circuits is preferred. Familiarity of IEC/UL-60601 and related standards is also preferred.
Our fast-paced environment demands the ability to manage multiple projects within various disciplines and deadlines. High-energy, self-starters with the following qualities:
Good communication skills
Flexibility to multi-task and perform a wide range of activities
Excellent computer skills, including MS Office proficiency

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Intern (EEI) - Melbourne, FL 32904
Requirements Document, as well as additional information gathered from users, other consultants, field surveys and code research.
Applies engineering principles to resolve engineering problems and tasks assigned.
Continuously seeks to improve and is self-teachable.
The EEI is an Electrical Designer:
Implements criteria for distribution systems, researches applicable codes, and investigates system routing options and equipment room layouts.
Understands using design tools such as the NEC 70 code tables.
Coordinates and implements the layout of distribution systems and equipment locations with team members within the discipline, as well as project team members in other disciplines.
Utilizes design drawing software including Revit and AutoCAD.
Performs system calculations. Sizes and selects system components.
Reviews shop drawing submittals, and travels to job sites to perform field verification.
Produces field reports and punch lists.
The EEI develops organizational skills including technical writing and time management:
Uses excellent writing skills to author basis of design (BOD) narratives, design criteria documents, feasibility studies, condition assessment reports, engineering studies and reports, and other high quality highly technical written documents as needed.
Uses excellent writing skills to edit design specifications; respond to Requests for Information (RFIs) incorporating information from project documents, specifications,
Reviews shop drawings and submittals to evaluate compliance with applicable codes, project specifications, and design documents and criteria.
Prepares meeting notes.
Reads relevant project correspondence and maintains project design files.
Demonstrates willingness to work to meet deadlines as required by client demands.
Key Characteristics of the Ideal Electrical Engineer (EEI)

Called – A strong sense of knowing who you are (i.e., gifts, talents, competencies) and how you are to spend your life. We fulfill our calling by being excellent at what God designed us to be and we diligently pursue it.
Practice Servant Leadership – Leaders at Above Group are called to serve. We realize that effective leadership starts on the inside. We demonstrate that we are willing to do what others are unwilling to do. We will practice a Servant Leadership character that enriches the lives of others.
A Commitment to Above Group – An understanding of and a commitment to the special purpose, mission, and beliefs of Above Group and will have a value system compatible with our values.
People Abilities – Deep interest and care for people with an understanding of their primary interests, aims, strengths, and motivations.
Working with Customers – A demonstrated ability to accomplish results through collaboration with and development of strong relationships with our customers.
Organizational Skills – An ability to organize his/her own thoughts and work, while continually growing a results-oriented team. Ability to win the confidence of colleagues and office staff that demonstrates a well-functioning department.
Insight and Strategy – A focused sense of strategy, (i.e., possessing the knowledge and sixth sense for how to implement our mutual goals). The ability to set realistic objectives and achieve them.
A Sense of Timing – An intuitive sense of timing and appropriateness in relation to people and projects.
Work Capacity – Sufficient physical and emotional energy to deliver the results necessary to advance our mission.
Self-Starter – Creates ideas and follow through without prodding. (Balanced with judgment and knowing when and how to ask for assistance and counsel).
Enthusiasm – A heartfelt passion for the work we do, which displays optimism – but not overselling and overstating.
Character – A level of impeccable integrity that permeates others.
Passion – The Above Group Vision will be irresistible to the right person. People skills, organizational and communication abilities must be truly remarkable, this person will be excellent at vision-casting in a manner that inspires others to join with us and develop solid relationships.
Minimum Requirements

The Electrical Engineering Intern shall meet the following minimum requirements:

Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program in electrical engineering or equivalent, at an ABET accredited institution.
Excellent Communication skills, both oral and written
Position Located in Melbourne, FL
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.
Process of Candidacy

If after reading this Opportunity Profile, you sense the gifts and experiences you possess are a good initial match for Above Group, we invite you to begin the “Expression of Interest” process. We handle all candidate information and conversations confidentially. You may contact us at any stage of the process to get more information and to ask questions. (Contact information is below).

Please provide the following documents and responses for review:

A current resume.
Responses to the following questions: Please type out the question and then your answer.
Using what you have learned about Above Group from our website, this Opportunity Profile, and any other research you chose to conduct, describe how your life and career have prepared you to serve Above Group in this position?
Why is this the right time for you to serve in this role? Are you willing to “Count the Cost” to serve in such a role and why?
Describe what Servant Leadership means to you. Tell us how this has affected your career. What factors or habits are currently contributing to the vitality of your daily walk and how you serve others?
Have you ever filed bankruptcy or for general protection from your creditors?
Please share your personal as well as your work-related goals (needs, wants, desires, hopes, expectations, dreams).
Provide the names and contact information (telephone numbers and e-mail addresses) for four references who know you and your career well enough to comment on your suitability for this position. (References will only be contacted after we have requested and received your permission to do so).
The search will be conducted in a very thoughtful, thorough, and consistent manner, with a conscious effort to preserve the confidentiality of all candidates. The search committee is committed to offering each potential candidate the same consideration throughout the process.

There is a strong sense of urgency to fill this vital role.
<i>
Submit this information in Microsoft Word (.doc) format to:</i>
<i>
Hiring Manager</i>
<i>
Above Group, Inc.</i>
<i>
abovegroup@abovegroupinc.com</i>
<i>
In the subject line of the email, please write “Electrical Engineering Intern.”</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate Project Engineer, Product Manufacturing Introduction - Sparks, NV
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Engineering
2-3 years working in a manufacturing environment
Skillful with electrical and computer-based tools, including precision measuring equipment, electrical test equipment, and computer databases
Experience with semi-automated manufacturing equipment a plus
Must be reliable, innovative, committed, and quality focused
Understands and appropriately applies principles, procedures, requirements, and policies related to specialized projects
Excellent written and verbal skills; Ability to communicate across cultures and geographic regions
Ability to communicate and coordinate activities
Must be able to work in a fast paced environment, occasionally requiring extended hours
Can provide leadership and work closely with cross-functional departments
Able to lift 30-50 pounds




Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate, Electrical Engineering - Benton Harbor, MI 49022
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering
1 + years of work experience in Electronics Engineering industry
Preferred Requirements
Understanding of engineering theory and principles of operation of mechanical/electrical mechanisms
Strong communication skills and ability to push through the ideas
Is a team player, able to work in a cross-functional collaborative environment to meet mutual goals of codes and compliance
Knowledge of Electronics Hardware, Software, and Systems
Good project management and communication skills
RSRWH
About Us
Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) is the world’s leading major home appliance company, with approximately $21 billion in annual sales, 92,000 employees and 70 manufacturing and technology research centers in 2017. The company markets Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Indesit, and other major brand names in nearly every country throughout the world.
At Whirlpool Corporation, we believe that all people matter. Celebrating diversity and including thousands of perspectives empower us to create products that blend into every concept of home. Whirlpool Corporation is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
Additional information about the company can be found on Twitter at @WhirlpoolCorp.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Electrical Engineer - Gallup, NM
Requirements

EDUCATION
Minimum undergraduate degree in electrical or instrumentation engineering required.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum 0-2 years electrical/instrument engineering experience in refining industry required.


Andeavor, formerly Tesoro, is a premier refining, marketing and logistics company in the western United States. Our Company operates 10 refineries with a combined capacity of approximately 1.2 million barrels per day, an extensive logistics network, and a retail-marketing system that includes approximately 3,000 retail stations marketed under multiple well-known fuel brands. We employ more than 13,000 talented people.
Our strength lies in our investment in employees and in their future. We measure success not only by the products we bring to our customers, or the financial results we deliver to our shareholders, but also by remaining true to our core values of safety and environmental stewardship, respect and integrity.
Discover your strengths and invest in your future by applying today.
Employees must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Vet / Disability

Posting Notes: || Gallup || New Mexico || United States (US) || None || |Engineering || 87347 ||

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Test Engineer - Fremont, CA
Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering or Electrical Engineering or equivalent higher education required.
Several years of vehicle testing experience specifically related to Vehicle Dynamics, Chassis Dynos or Autonomous Vehicles.
Excellent written and spoken English.
Must be comfortable driving prototype vehicles at (or over) their limit on closed courses.
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Construction Manager/Commissioning Electrical or Mechanical Engineer - Honolulu, HI 96813
Requirements: Professional registration required with 5 years of experience.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical or Mechanical: 5 years (Preferred)Location:Honolulu, HI (Required)License:P.E. (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Chicago, IL
Requirements

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Requirements
</h2><h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Conditions of Employment
</h3>Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.
Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Some positions may require one or more of the following: driver's license, financial disclosure, drug testing, physical, and/or secret clearance.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Qualifications
</h3>Who May Apply: US Citizens


In order to qualify, you must meet the education and epxerience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social).


You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application.


Additional information about transcripts is in this document.


In addition to meeting the basic requirement under Education below, to qualify for this position you must also meet the qualification requirements for each grade as listed:


For the GS-11 level:

Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes developing and assisting with the development of electrical design plans and specifications for features common to industrial facilities; investigating and determining the causes of failures in electrical systems; preparing technical correspondence pertaining to the phases of electrical design; developing plans and details, specifications, and studies as part of a multidisciplinary project design team. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the second lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-09).


OR


Education: Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree in a field which demonstrates the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position, such as Electrical Engineering.


OR


Combination of Education and Experience: A combination of education and experience may be used to qualify for this position as long as the computed percentage of the requirements is at least 100%. To compute the percentage of the requirements, divide your total months of experience by 12. Then divide the total number of completed graduate semester hours (or equivalent) beyond the second year (total graduate semester hours minus 36) by 18. Add the two percentages.


For the GS-12 level:


Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes developing electrical design plans and specifications for power distribution and control systems for industrial facilities; developing electrical design computations; investigating electrical equipment failures and recommending corrective action; evaluating designs submitted by others; reviewing electrical shop drawings as well as material and equipment lists for continuity with established plans and specifications; leading multidisciplinary project design teams in the development of plans, specifications, and studies for engineering projects. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-11).


Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job at the GS-12 level, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for experience is permitted.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education
</h3>Basic Requirement for Electrical Engineer:


A. Degree: Bachelor's degree (or higher degree) in engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree (or higher degree) in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET); OR (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.


OR


B. Combination of Education and Experience: College-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following:


1. Professional registration or licensure - Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration. For example, an applicant who attains registration through a State Board's eminence provision as a manufacturing engineer typically would be rated eligible only for manufacturing engineering positions.


2. Written Test - Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination, or any other written test required for professional registration, by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico.


3. Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in A above. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program.


4. Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions.


FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additional information
</h3>
You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.
Direct Deposit of Pay is Required.
This is an Army Acquisition, Logistics and Technology Workforce position. Selectees must meet position requirements for certification at Level II in the Acquisition Career Field Facilities Engineering within 24 months of entrance on duty.
Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees.
If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet.
This is a Career Program (CP) 18 position.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; (2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 90 or above; and, (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website .
When you perform a Civilian Permanent Change of Station (PCS) with the government, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) considers the majority of your entitlements to be taxable. Visit https://www.gsa.gov/cdnstatic/FTR%20Bulletin%2018_05%20Relocation%20Allowances_0.pdf for more information.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application .
Permanent Change of Station (PCS) allowances may be authorized, subject to the provisions of the Joint Travel Regulations and an agency determination that a PCS move is in the Government Interest.
Recruitment and/or relocation incentives may be authorized.
Period of Eligibility: Your application will remain active for 3 months from the date is it received; afterward, it will be deactivated. To receive further consideration, you must submit a new application package.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How You Will Be Evaluated
</h3>You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.


You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Background checks and security clearance
</h3><h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Security clearance
</h5>Not Applicable
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Drug test required
</h5>No
Required Documents

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Required Documents
</h2>The documents you are required to submit vary based on whether or not you are eligible for preference in federal employment. A complete description of preference categories and the associated required documents is in the Applicant Checklist (External) .


As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


1. Your resume:
Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume .
2. Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements : You MUST submit a copy of your transcript if you want to substitute your education for experience. If you claim qualifications based on education, and do not submit a transcript, your education will not be used in making a qualification determination and you may be found "not qualified." See: Transcripts and Licenses .
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.

<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
</h4>Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Benefits
</h2>A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL CONTROLS ENGINEER  - Perrysburg, OH
Requirements:

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering or Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Technology
2-4 years of experience with Industrial controls startup and troubleshooting in a manufacturing environment
Electrical Control System design experience per NEC/NFPA
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
PLC Programming Experience with Allen-Bradley/Rockwell Automation
HMI Programming Experience with Allen-Bradley/Rockwell Automation
Additional Considerations:

UL508A
Vision systems experience
Servo and Motion Control Experience
Robot programming and troubleshooting
Modicon PLC programming, Siemens PLC programming
Wonderware InTouch, System Platform, Historian
Benefits Overview:

Axis Engineering Group offers a wide range of benefits and rewards to our full-time eligible employees.

Individual and family health insurance/prescription card
Retirement plan
Vacation and paid time off
Company-observed holidays
Educational assistance
Training and leadership development
Professional licenses and registration
Flextime and business casual dress
Employee, family and holiday events
Travel Requirements:

Most work will be performed locally, within 1.5 hours from our office located in Perrysburg, Ohio

Our people are our greatest resource. We invest generously in them with the latest technology, training and resources.

Submit cover letter and resume to: Careers@AxisEngineering.com.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Diesel Engine Test Engineer - Indianapolis, IN
Requirements/Qualifications:
BS or higher in Mechanical Engineering (MS preferred).
Strong understanding of internal combustion engine efficiency, performance, and operation.
3-5 years of professional experience with engine testing and/or calibration.
Expertise programming with MATLAB to analyze large data sets.
Strong understanding of data acquisition and sensors specific to engine testing.
Ability to maintain enthusiasm, work ethic, and open mind through challenging projects and component failures.

Helpful Skills:
Experience with advanced rotary and piston engine technologies (exhaust gas recirculation, Miller/Atkinson cycle, HCCI, etc.).
Professional experience with camshafts, bearings, gears, and/or high-speed machinery.
Good communication and proposal writing skills.
Experience working in a machine shop/prototype environment.

About LiquidPiston


Based in Bloomfield, CT, LiquidPiston, Inc. is an MIT rooted R&D company poised to transform ten years of breakthrough thermodynamics research into the world’s most efficient and compact rotary Diesel engine. The company is funded by a mix of Venture Capital as well DARPA and Army Rapid Innovation Awards. The company is small, but has a big vision to transform combustion engines and hybrid electric applications as we know them.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>New Graduate Hardware Engineer - Newark, CA
Requirements:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering

Be part of something amazing:
Come work alongside some of the best and most accomplished minds in the industry. Based in the heart of Silicon Valley, California, Lucid Motors is making significant breakthroughs in clean technology.
Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for the brilliant minds who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you want to actively work towards creating a better, sustainable future, we’d love to have you join our team!

<i>Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations.</i><i>
At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate the differences that make up our team, our products, and our community.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Analog/Power Design Engineer - Tesla Energy - Palo Alto, CA
Requirements
BS, Master or Ph.D degree in Electrical Engineering, or related field with 3+ years of experience in analog/power board and system-level design
Experience in energy meters design, development, manufacturing, and installation
Experience with AC-DC, DC-DC, DC-AC conversion circuit design
Experience in power sub-system design: Filters, Multi-Phase Power Control, Isolation, Protection Circuits, Magnetics, Relay Systems, Stress Analysis
Experience with leading PCB physical design, and design for EMC, test and manufacturing
Experience in power and analog circuit simulation and power/signal integrity analysis
Knowledge of electrical cod and design practice. Prefer experience with ANSI and IEC standards
Familiarity with micro controller, digital communication interfaces, and RF system is plus
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Power Systems Scientist / Developer - Optimization and Unit Commitment - Medina, MN
Requirements
Masters or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering with Power Systems Emphasis, mathematics or related technical field.
8+ years of job specific experience in developing advanced Power Systems algorithms.
Experience with Optimization and Energy Market functionality.
Experience with Mixed Integer Programming techniques and Unit Commitment.
‘C ‘development experience.
Experience on multiple Operating Systems platforms and cross-platform development.
Benefits
OSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Benefits include health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k) matching, bonuses, profit sharing and a generous amount of paid time off and paid holidays. Additional perks include flexible work hours, employee events, fitness discounts, casual dress code, exciting travel opportunities, employee referral bonus programs, and more. Check out our Life at OSI Facebook page to see more.
As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineering Internship - San Diego, CA
Requirements 
In study towards a Master's or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.

Must be available for at least 3 months. (May-Sept 2019)

Coursework or project experience in communication theory, signal processing, error correcting codes, information theory, probability and random processes, digital communications, DSP.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical/Battery Engineer - Santa Ana, CA 92704
Requirements/Working Conditions: This position performs some sedentary office work and requires the ability to move throughout the building to interact with employees/vendors. The position answers telephone calls, bends, reaches and pushes and pulls file drawers. This position uses a computer terminal to access, input and retrieve data. Finger dexterity may be required to operate a computer keyboard and calculator.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:battery related: 2 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - Guam
Requirements

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Requirements
</h2><h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Conditions of Employment
</h3>Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify/.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
You will be required to obtain and maintain a current valid United States driver?s license.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Incumbent may be required to work overtime.
Registration as a Professional Engineer (PE) is highly desirable, If registration been obtained, then it is expected that the minimum education and professional experience requirements or registration have been met.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Qualifications
</h3>Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: performing project engineering functions and construction management services concerning contracts related to facilities construction, repair and maintenance.



Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf


https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=Group-Standards


Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education
</h3>Basic Requirements:


A. Degree: Engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by ABET; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.


OR


B. Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following:


1. Professional registration or licensure - Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT)1, or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration. For example, an applicant who attains registration through a State Board's eminence provision as a manufacturing engineer typically would be rated eligible only for manufacturing engineering positions.

2. Written Test - Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE)2 examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico.

3. Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A.

4. Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions. (The above examples of related curricula are not all-inclusive.)


Note: An applicant who meets the basic requirements as specified in A or B above, except as noted under B.1., may qualify for positions in any branch of engineering unless selective factors indicate otherwise.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additional information
</h3>This announcement uses the Technical Acquisition direct hire authority to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to certain positions in the competitive service.


This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.


Several vacancies may be filled.


Pay Retention will be extended to eligible Department of Defense employees.


A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.


Recruitment incentives may be authorized to eligible new hires.


A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.


Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf .

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How You Will Be Evaluated
</h3>You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.


As vacancies occur, the Human Resources Office will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this flyer. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume, along with your supporting documentation.


If selected, you may be required to provide additional supporting documentation.


If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may be found ineligible/not qualified.


Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.


All qualification requirements must be met before being considered for any vacancies.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Background checks and security clearance
</h3><h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Security clearance
</h5>Secret
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Drug test required
</h5>No
Required Documents

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Required Documents
</h2>A COMPLETE RESUME IS REQUIRED. Your resume must show relevant experience (cover letter optional) where you worked, job title, duties and accomplishments, employer's name and address, supervisor's name and phone number, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week & salary. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade level i.e. GS-0201-09. Note: Only the last resume received will be reviewed.


YOU ARE REQUIRED TO DOCUMENT IN YOUR APPLICATION PACKAGE EVIDENCE THAT SUPPORTS YOUR ELIGIBILITY AND QUALIFICATION CLAIMS. You are required to include the applicable documents with your application package. These documents will assist the human resources office in determining your eligibility and qualifications.


DOES THIS POSITION REQUIRE A LICENSE OR CERTIFICATE?

You must submit a copy of your license or certificate in your application package.


ARE YOU QUALIFYING BASED ON EDUCATION or A COMBINATION OF EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE?

You must submit a copy of your college transcript or an appropriate course listing. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Applicants can verify accreditation at the following website: http://www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html . All education claimed by applicants will be verified by the appointing agency accordingly. If selected, an official/sealed transcript will be required prior to appointment.


ARE YOU AN ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE MEMBER? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).


Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
</h4>Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Benefits
</h2>A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - New York, NY
Requirements


(1) Four (4) years of full-time, satisfactory experience in electrical engineering work; and

(2) A valid New York State Professional Engineer’s License. Current New York State registration as a Professional Engineer must be maintained for the duration of your employment.

A masters degree in electrical engineering from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) may be substituted for one year of the electrical engineering experience required in “1" above.



Preferred Skills


Proficiency in computer programs such as Word, Excel, Adobe Acrobat, ComCheck and updated versions of AutoCAD.Demonstrated creative thinking and problem solving.Familiarity with NYC Building Code.Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a teamProactive & driven with ability to generate positive solutions and resultsAbility to reprioritize projects & deliverables frequentlyAbility to think strategically and analyze all potential issues and alternative solutionsStrong interpersonal and customer skills in order to effectively communicate with multiple stakeholdersFamiliarity developing scopes of work.



To Apply


List call



Residency Requirement


New York City Residency is not required for this position

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry Systems Engineer - Mountain View, CA
Requirements

Candidates with a minimum of M.S in Engineering or B.S. in Engineering with 2-4 years of experience (or equivalent) in a relevant discipline, such as Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or Electrical Engineering are highly preferred.
Candidates that have some practical application of systems engineering and project management are desired.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills are required.
US citizenship or permanent US residency is required for this position.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
Back Email Apply Now

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Testing Engineer - China, MI
Requirements:</h2>
Degree in computer science, mechanical engineering, mathematics, electrical engineering, or equivalent qualification
Good sense of business with regard to the implementation of programming tasks
Structured working
Results-oriented, aptitude for planning and organization, excellent communication skills, ability to work well in teams
High level of personal dynamism and individual responsibility
Readiness for ongoing further development

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Analog Electrical Engineer - Waukesha, WI 53187
Requirements in DOORS, Sub-System Requirement Specifications and Execution
13. Engaging in all phases of new product introduction: concept, architecture, documentation, design, prototype, test, supplier interfaces, manufacturing introduction and service support
14. History of continuous development of core competencies in analog and/or power engineering field
15. Identifying and developing new opportunities to leverage Strategic Sourcing objectives and Common Technology initiatives in the MR product line

Qualifications/Requirements:
1. Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or related field.

2. Demonstrated experience working with complex analog designs and simulation tools
3. Schematic capture experience
4. Basic understanding of 3 phase power distribution

U.S. (Country) Specific Qualifications:
1. Must be legally authorized to work in the United States full-time
2. Must submit application for employment through gecareers.com (or COS if internal) to be considered
3. Must be 18 years of age or older
4. Must be willing to take a drug test as part of the selection process
5. Must be willing to submit to a background investigation, including for example, verification of your past employment, criminal history, and educational background

Quality Specific Goals:
1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position.
2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines.
3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required

Desired Characteristics:
1. Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering
2. 2 years relative work experience in analog hardware
3. Working knowledge of PWA board bring-up and system integration experience
4. Excellent teamwork, coordination and communication skills
5. Self-starter, energizing, results oriented, and able to multi-task
6. Ability to meet aggressive reliability, performance, cost, serviceability, and delivery targets
7. High proficiency to interpret and explain complex technical information.
8. Detail oriented
9. Creative problem solver and solution developer when presented with conflicting requirements, business demands and technical risks/issues
10. External focus - Understand the customer and market and the ability to translate the opportunities into concrete actions.

About Us:
GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Locations: United States; Wisconsin; Waukesha
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ON-SITE INSTRUMENT/ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - Ascension Parish, LA
Requirements:
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from an accredited institution required.
<i>MINIMUM</i> of 5 years of experience in the petrochemical industry, preferably with on-site experience
Client focused
Committed to technical excellence
Critical thinking skills for problem solving
<i>Refinery, petrochemical, or chemical industry experience a must</i>

There will be frequent, conduct or participate in, field trips to an operating plant or construction site to gather operating data and equipment information. This requires normal hearing, the ability to stand, walk, reach, climb and balance, clear close and distance vision, depth perception and the ability to focus. Lifting up to 25 pounds may be required.

All candidates must pass background checks, drug screening and qualify for issuance of TWIC credentials.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Component Engineer - Plano, TX
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering or other Engineering discipline from an accredited university or college.

Minimum of 5 years of experience in design / analysis of electronic Assemblies and Component Selection for DC-DC Converters.
Additional information



Location Plano, Texas, USA


Business Unit EP Industrial Solutions


Date posted 2018-10-27


Job Function Design and Engineering


Publication ID US67226214_E1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Power Engineer - Chandler, AZ
Requirements:

Work with the Electrical System Owner to ensure accurate and complete project deliverables are provided by the contracted Construction Manager.
Provide Project Engineering management of current project.
Answering questions of a technical nature during project execution.
Ensure equipment and overall system OAT / FAT process meets expectations.
Review with System Owner and provide technical verification of hardware and configuration of installations per design documents.
Review OAT documentation and conduct FATs


Experience Requirements:
Experience of Panel scheduling software
Understanding of overall system installation from a construction implementation stand point.
Troubleshooting of field devices and control hardware and software.
Experience with Med Voltage switchgear, emergency power systems/UPS/CPS. Along with design, construction, operations and maintenance of medium voltage power distribution systems.
Experience in facility electrical distribution.
Experience in capacity analysis for large and small industrial projects.
Experience working with National Electrical Code.
Analysis of electrical system, distribution systems (short circuit, power quality and reliability).
Demonstrated application of sound engineering principles and technical problem solving.

BS in Electrical Engineering or related field and a minimum of 10 years applied experience in an Instrumentation and Controls field.

Previous experience on major Intel projects preferred!!!

Must be local to job location. No relocation assistance provided. Must be available for on-site interview.

US Citizens and all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor. No third party candidates considered for this position.

If you are looking for a professional, challenging and stimulating environment and meet the above criteria, please apply now!



 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Controls &amp; Automation - Louisville, KY
Requirements:B.S. Degree in Engineering Discipline7+ years of experience in the design of automated cells & machine control systems5+ years of experience managing a team of Controls EngineersAutoCad proficiencyExtensive knowledge of PLC’s, robot programming & automated systemsJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $110,000.00 to $125,000.00 /year

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer Electrical - PE - Chandler, AZ
Requirements and Design Reviews.
Problem Solving/Innovation - With limited supervision, applies theoretical knowledge and engineering technical principles to solve more complex electrical engineering problems.
Liaison - Regularly demonstrates involvement with other staff/team members which is mutually beneficial.
Responds in a timely manner to all requests and explores all avenues within authority and makes appropriate referrals to other sources.
Disciplined with escalation when required
Requirements Derivation/ Test Development - Establish requirements for EEE parts, components, or functional systems.
Supports the testing and/or evaluation/validation of one or more elements of an electrical component, subsystem, or system analytical model or actual system implementation.
Analysis and Design - Performs analysis, design, or test of one or more moderately complex or portions of complex designs, components, functional systems.
Supports trade studies for component or subsystem level designs.
Implements and manages changes to circuit, component, or system level design or analytical models under direction and support of more experienced engineers
Involvement in national or international engineering association.
Basic Qualifications:

Requires a Bachelor's degree in Engineering.

Or, a Master's degree in Engineering.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Hardware System Electrical Engineer, Consumer Hardware - Mountain View, CA
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience.
Experience with consumer product development processes for product design, validation and manufacturing.
Experience with SoC architecture and electrical engineering system integration.
Experience with lab equipments, including oscilloscope and protocol analyzers.

Preferred qualifications:

Master's degree or PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.
5 years of relevant work experience in electrical engineering design, validation and leadership.
Experience with handheld consumer products, phone development or SoC.
Experience in one or more of the following areas: high-speed interface simulation and correlation, USB type C, CSI/DSI, UFS SI and protocols.
Excellent analytical and organizational skills, with well-focused attention to detail. Ability to execute own work with minimal supervision.
About the job

Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware System Electrical Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.
As a Hardware System Electrical Engineer, you will work cross-functionally with Silicon, Systems, Software and Technology teams to deliver high quality hardware systems and be responsible for hardware system validation and quality optimization by automation tools. This includes planning validation requirements from internal stakeholders, identifying technical risks and critical design parameters, developing and executing automation tools/fixtures at a large scale, analyzing data and then driving to solutions, focusing on system-level validation challenges.
Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
Responsibilities

Lead electrical engineering integration design quality, develop validation solutions and high-speed digital interfaces, including SI and protocols.
Work with Lab Engineers or partners on compliance.
Work with the Engineering Development team on system bring-up and design validation. Improve accuracy and efficiency.
Support the team in debugging, troubleshooting and failure analysis.
Collaborate with Manufacturing Test Engineers on transitioning product to volume production.
Location



Mountain View, CA, USA

At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing candidateaccommodations@google.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical and Controls Engineer - Entry Level - Littleton, CO 80127
Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or electrical engineering technology.
Ability to provide solutions to projects and basic process engineering problems.
Demonstrated drive and initiative to complete assigned tasks and investigate and seek out improvement opportunities.
Requires travel (30% - 50%)
We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.


<i>JM has a long history of sustainable efforts and strives to continually improve our sustainability practices through a focus on innovation, productivity and leadership that ensures we meet the needs of current stakeholders without sacrificing the needs of future generations. For additional information please read our </i><i>Sustainability Report.</i>

#

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Embedded Hardware Engineer - New York, NY
Qualifications:A Bachelor's, Master's or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or a related fieldAt least 3 years (preferably more) of experience writing embedded softwareExperience designing and developing software systems for embedded devicesSolid understanding of device drivers, IP protocols, interfaces, and hardware subsystemsExperience with C++/QT system programmingPreferred:Understanding of hardware-based security techniques such as Hardware Security Modules, Secure Boot, TrustZone, PKI based security, SSL/TLS/OpenSSL, TPM/TSS, HSMs/Crypto, etc.Ability to create, present, and refine technical specifications from high-level architecture documents to low-level implementation guidesUnderstanding of the fundamentals of cryptography and embedded securityJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $80,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Service Engineer - Palo Alto, CA
QualificationsBachelor’s degree or equivalent technical qualifications in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering;Very hands-on;Ability to test and troubleshoot electrical analog and digital circuits;Experience in diagnosing and repairing mechanical, optical, and electromechanical systems.2-3 years of service engineering experience in life science instrumentation;Strong communication skills;Willingness to travel in the US and sometimes internationally.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Service Engineer: 2 years (Required)Mechanical Engineering: 2 years (Preferred)Electrical Engineering: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Assistant Director of Engineering - Monterey, CA 93940
Requirements:
High School Diploma or GED required. College degree preferred.
3-5 years of experience in Hotel Engineering department preferred.
HVAC and Refrigeration systems experience preferred.
2-3 years of management or supervisory experience required.
Working knowledge of electrical, mechanical, life safety systems, preventative maintenance systems and all related engineering disciplines required.
Must be able to communicate effectively with public and staff.
Ability to lead and direct a team.
Basic computer skills.
Our Company culture fosters teamwork, guest service, and individual accountability. We deliver exceptional service, quality, and value to every guest, every time. This is the driving philosophy of our business. We want our hotels to be the best and our guests to be exceedingly satisfied. To achieve that goal, we hire the most highly qualified people and provide a competitive benefits package which includes:
Health Insurance (3 plan options)
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Vacation, Sick and Holiday Pay
Flexible Spending Accounts (Medical and Dependent Care)
Company paid Basic Life Insurance
Company paid Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Company paid Short Term Disability
Company paid Long Term Disability
Short Term Disability Buy Up
Educational Assistance Program
401k Plan with match up to 6%
Davidson <i>We Care</i> Team Member Assistance Program
Discounts on hotel room rates at Hyatt Hotels & Davidson Hotels & Resorts
To learn more about Davidson Hotels & Resorts visit our website, www.DavidsonHotels.com and apply today!
EOE AA- Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation<i>
This position is at a location where Hyatt is not the employer. The employer of individuals working at this hotel may be a third-party management company that is responsible for all employment benefits and obligations at this location.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Application Engineer (3+ yrs exp) - Franklin, MA 02038
Qualifications: BSME and 3+ years of current applications engineering experience with commercial or industrial productsStrong understanding of fluid/‌thermal system engineering calculations. Familiarity with diesel engine emissions/‌after-treatment preferredExperience providing application engineering knowledge directly to end user customers as well as in-house stakeholdersProficiency with MS Excel, as well as automation and large-scale data analysis tools, ie: MATLABHands-on with enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, small collaborative team environment, interacting with all levels of management and staffSelf-directed with excellent technical communication, interpersonal, presentation, organizational and time management skillsAble to travel approximately 10% domesticallyMust be authorized to work in the U.S.Small company experience preferredAbout Us: We are the premier provider of fully active emissions control systems. Active technology uses smart monitoring systems and predictive analysis to monitor the condition of your system. Our intelligent controls and sensors will initiate an electrical regeneration cycle precisely when your system needs it.In addition to a competitive compensation and benefits package, we offer a challenging and inspiring work environment where we value creative thinking, open communication and integrity. We encourage innovation, recognize accomplishments, and reward commitment.Our HR Consultant is managing this search. PRINCIPALS only. No calls, drop-offs, solicitations or third parties by any method for this or any other position or reason.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Industrial Products: 3 years (Required)Excel: 3 years (Required)Applications Engineering: 3 years (Required)Matlab: 3 years (Required)Fluid/Thermal System Engineering: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Document Control Manager- OGC Engineering - Houston, TX 77079
Qualifications
10-15 years of experience in document control in the Oil, Gas & Chemical industry sector
3-5 years of Document Control supervision/management
Familiarity with document control tools and software such as SharePoint and Bluebeam Revu
Records Retention / Information Lifecycle system experience
Ability to use appropriate tools and methods to collect and analyze data in order to identify and resolve business and/or technical problems
Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written
Record of successfully creating, establishing, and utilizing business processes, quality standards, performance metrics, and work instructions
Highly motivated, with a demonstrated passion for excellence and taking initiative
Strong work ethic, willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done right the first time
Demonstrated commitment to business ethics and integrity
Passion for safety, with a commitment to help ensure that nobody gets hurt
Strong interpersonal skills
Team player with the ability to lead others or work independently, as required, in order to meet deadlines, goals, and objectives
Strong organizational skills, time management, and attention to detail
Comfortable with fast-moving work environment, pressure, change, and ambiguity
Action-oriented, results-driven, and self-motivated
About Kiewit
As one of North America's largest, most respected construction and engineering organizations, with 2017 revenues of $8.7 billion, Kiewit exists to make a difference. We improve and connect communities across the United States, Canada, Mexico and Australia through complex projects in transportation, water/wastewater, power, oil, gas and chemical, building, industrial and mining. Our services are as diverse as the skills of our 22,000-strong workforce to whom we provide challenging, honest work in a caring and collaborative culture. A sense of adventure, pride and fulfillment is built in to every career at Kiewit.
How We’re Different
Consistently ranked within the top five of the “Top 400 Contractors” according to Engineering News-RecordConsistently recognized as one of the best places to work in North America and in 2015, named one of Fortune’s Most Admired CompaniesTop-tier health, dental and vision insurance available from day one of employment401K savings plan that includes company dollar-for-dollar match on contributions up to 6 percentOur employees are entitled to accrue at least 20 days paid time off each yearWe spend an average of $8,500 per employee each year on training and career development, and reimburse up to $5,250 per year in outside tuition costs
<i>Kiewit is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering - Digital Embedded System  - San Jose, CA
Qualifications:
An applicant must have a Ph.D. in Electrical and/or Computer Engineering. Background and research experience in
embedded systems, modern processor microarchitectures, hardware/software co-design, system on chip, testing and
verification, and hardware/firmware aspects of mobile computing platforms are required. Academic and industry

experience in embedded systems and system on chip in mobile computing applications is highly desirable. Applicants
should demonstrate awareness of and sensitivity to educational goals of a multicultural population as might have been
gained in cross-cultural study, training, teaching and other comparable experience.

Responsibilities:
The selected candidate will teach undergraduate and graduate Electrical Engineering courses and provide leadership in
developing a modern curriculum in the embedded systems and system on chip with mobile computing applications.

Conduct and guide original research in embedded systems, hardware/software co-design, modern processor

microarchitectures, simulation and modeling, synthesis and verification, high-speed and low-power circuits. Develop
laboratories to support teaching and research efforts. Seek external partnership and collaboration with Silicon Valley and
beyond. Work collaboratively with other faculty to integrate the embedded systems and SoC with other related areas such
as high-frequency analog circuits, digital signal processing, networking and communication. Candidate must address the
needs of a student population of great diversity – in age, cultural background, ethnicity, primary language and academic
preparation – through course materials, teaching strategies and advisement.

Salary Range: Commensurate with qualifications and experience.

Starting Date: August 2019

Eligibility: Employment is contingent upon proof of eligibility to work in the United States.

Application Procedure:
For full consideration, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching interests/ philosophy, research
plans, and at least three original letters of reference with contact information by January 21, 2019 to
https://apply.interfolio.com/53873

Please include Job Opening ID (JOID) on all correspondence.
San José State University is California’s oldest institution of public higher learning. The campus is located on the southern

end of San Francisco Bay in downtown San José (Pop. 1,000,000), hub of the world-famous Silicon Valley high-technology

research and development center. Many of California’s most popular national, recreational, and cultural attractions are

conveniently close. A member of the 23-campus CSU system, San José State University enrolls approximately 30,000

students, a significant percentage of whom are members of minority groups. The University is committed to increasing the

diversity of its faculty so our disciplines, students and the community can benefit from multiple ethnic and gender

perspectives.














San José State University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants for

employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation,

genetic information, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or disability. This policy applies to all San José State
University students, faculty, and staff as well as University programs and activities. Reasonable accommodations are made for

applicants with disabilities who self-disclose. Note that all San José State University employees are considered mandated

reporters under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and are required to comply with the requirements set forth

in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.

A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a
position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or

continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.

The latest San José State University Safety 101 Uniform Campus Crime and Security Report is available. You may request a

copy of San José State University’s annual safety report by contacting the University Police Department at (408) 924-2222 or by

visiting the University Police Department website at (http://www.sjsu.edu/police.)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Microscale Thermal Device Characterization Engineer - Austin, TX 78744
RequirementsBS in Mechanical Engineering or Electrical Engineering or Physics, MS or Ph.D. preferred.2+ years work experience in characterization for thermal and optoelectronic systemsStrong background in heat transfer and data acquisition methodsExperience in test automation methodsExcellent verbal communicationLocation: Austin, TexasJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $90,000.00 to $120,000.00 /yearExperience:Thermal Test and Characterization: 2 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>SR Process Engineer I - Beaverton, OR 97006
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical, Chemical Engineering, Plastics Engineering or other manufacturing related degree
12 years' directly related work experience may be considered in lieu of the degree
5 years of experience in Process Engineering within a high-volume manufacturing production environment required, plastics and/or packaging preferred.
Experience troubleshooting industrial machinery which requires strong knowledge in both electrical and mechanical systems
Experience or classwork in Design of Experiments and strong statistical skills preferred
Exposure to Lean manufacturing principles preferred
Possess a detailed and methodical approach to problem solving
Ability to work with associates of all levels including directors, managers, engineers, machine operators, quality technicians, line supervisors, and maintenance technicians.
Knowledge of plastics processing a plus.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Control Center Operator - Salt Lake City, UT
Requirements/Details: Must pass 7-year background check and pre-employment drug screeningWillingness to work twelve-hour rotating shiftworkFLSA Status: Non-ExemptApplication: Submit resume and salary requirements to careers page at sPower.comAbout sPower: sPower, an AES and AIMCo company, is the largest private owner of operating solar assets in the United States. sPower owns and operates a portfolio of solar and wind assets greater than 1.3 GW and has a development pipeline of more than 10 GW. sPower is owned by a joint venture partnership between The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES), a worldwide energy company headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, and the Alberta Investment Management Corporation, one of Canada’s largest and most diversified institutional investment fund managers. For more information, visit www.sPower.com.<i>sPower is an Equal Opportunity Employer of all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, covered veterans, sexual orientation and gender identity. Women, minorities and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.</i>Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Estimator - Houston, TX 77029
Requirements: Minimum 5+ years of Industrial Electrical Estimator experience.Must possess Journeyman LicenseTeam player able to work effectively with other disciplines.Electrical Industry Standards knowledge.Excellent written/ verbal communication skills.Comfortable with fast-paced work environment.Excellent problem-solving skills and documentation/ procedural skills.Must pass a Background and Drug screening.Safety and detail focused.Preferences: Electrical estimator experience in petrochemical or industrial plant.Degree or certifications associated with job role a plus.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director of Systems Engineering - Bedford, MA 01730
Qualifications: A sophisticated, operationally proficient, seasoned technology leader with a successful record of setting technical vision/direction and delivering complex consumer products on time and within budget.A confident, seasoned director with a minimum of 10 years of experience in new product development of complex systems and 5+ years of experience in managing high-performing teams.Broad and deep technical knowledge including many of the following topics related to robot sub-systems: drive trains & motion control, power systems & batteries, navigation, optical sensors, Wi-Fi, processors, electrical architecture and software.BS in one of the core disciplines (Electrical, Mechanical, Software or Systems) and a solid working knowledge of the others. MS preferred.Experience in UX, user testing and incorporating Voice of the Customer into designsMust thrive on turning ambiguity and chaos into a coherent and well-run plan (with the right balance of process, rigor, innovation and fun).Strong leadership, collaboration, motivation, strategic thinking and analytical skills; as well as the ability to combine broad technical, business and cultural factors in making well-considered decisions.Job Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Controls Engineer - Denver, CO
Requirements: - 5 years AutoCAD experience- 5 years programming PLCs with Rockwell Software RSLogix 5000 / Studio 5000- Proficient with Rockwell Software FTView Studio software- Proficient with VFDs, troubleshooting control circuits, industrial control products, etc.- 5 years experience doing similar industrial automation projects and traveling to the customer's site for job startups.- Strong technical writing ability for customer manuals and documentation.Additional Info: Experience in the Food & Beverage Industry is a plus.This position requires 25-40% travel for job startups.No relocation package.Must have a clean driving record.Western Industrial Contractors is a drug free workplace.We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings.Know more about us visit: Westerncon.comJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearExperience:AutoCAD: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Denver, CO (Preferred)License:Driver's License (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Systems Engineer (Electrical Distribution) - Pittsburgh, PA
Qualifications: Must have experience with OEM or Tier 1 SuppliersMust have Strong Technical depth with Automotive systems.Must have with Mentor Graphics Capital Systems tools - technical support, tool management, JAVA extensibility development, plugin support, library managementMust be able to invent, understand and effectively describe complicated system level schematicsDemonstrated ability to work on technical project under timing restraints Results oriented, with experiencing delivering/launching technical projects to productionPrint management and release experienceTata Technologies is a company dedicated to bringing better products to market for our customers and to the millions of people around the world who benefit from them. We are a leading Global provider of engineering services, serving the world’s leading manufacturing companies. We offer a complete benefits package, including; medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long term disability, FMLA and 401K.We are currently expanding our Engineering footprint with several of our clients and have opportunities for those who are the best in their field. If you are looking to join a company that values their employees, stands behind their services and strives to make product development dreams a reality, look no further.Tata Technologies Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, age, marital status, national origin, sexual orientation, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, compensation, benefits, training, termination, promotions, or any other condition of employment or career development.Job Types: Full-time, Contract

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Project Engineer (Manufacturing) - Stratham, NH
Qualifications
Skills & Knowledge

Ability to start, address and prioritize project issues independently and juggle multiple projects with minimal supervision.
Strong presentation skills and comfort around senior management.
Familiar with standard concepts, best practices in field, and procedures in project management
Proficient in Excel , Power Point, MS Project, and Word.
Proficient in AutoCAD.
Must have solid written and verbal communication skills.
Experience
5+ years project engineering experience required
Experience in capital improvement project management, with at least 1 million in value, in all phases of capital improvements, i.e. all phases of building expansion, equipment, utilities, support equipment, etc.
Experience in project and process engineering & project management in a manufacturing environment, food manufacturing environment preferred
Education

Bachelor's degree in Mechanical, Chemical, or Electrical Engineering required.
In-depth understanding of food technology /chocolate manufacturing process preferred.

It is impossible to list every requirement for, or responsibility of, any position. Similarly we cannot identify all the skills a position may require since job responsibilities and the Company's needs may change over time. Therefore, the above job description is not comprehensive or exhaustive. The Company reserves the right to adjust, add to or eliminate any aspect of the above description. The Company also retains the right to require all employees to undertake additional or different job responsibilities when necessary to meet business needs. Applicants for this position must successfully pass a background screening.

Lindt and Sprüngli is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, national origin, gender, disability or veteran status.

Lindt and Sprüngli will become a smoke and tobacco free campus on July 1, 2018.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Dallas, TX
RequirementsExcellent organization, supervisory, managerial and leadership skills to manage a team of engineers and technical staff.Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical, Industrial or Mechanical Engineering; (preference for Electrical Engineering).5+ years of engineering experience.5+ years of management experience.SolidWorks/AutoDesk and AutoCAD.Knowledge of design techniques and tools involved in the production of technical equipment.Spanish Language Skills Preferred.EOEJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Columbus, OH 43213
Qualifications
The ideal Engineering Manager is a natural multi-tasker with a knack for teaching, and has the experience and personal drive to lead by example. Detail-oriented and thorough, this humble and accountable team leader sees the big picture and focuses on strengthening the company while satisfying the customer’s needs. Being proactive, dependable, and consistent describes this fair and effective manager. Having great situational awareness and verbal skills, this perceptive and quick thinking Engineering Manager is able to work at the fast pace our business. The ideal candidate can prioritize and is open-minded, goal-oriented, positive and self-motivated.

Responsibility
The responsibilities and duties for this Engineering Manager position include, but are not limited to, the following items:

Give clear direction to direct reports outlining expectations & responsibilities, assigning due dates and evaluation metrics as needed
Systematically break down complex assemblies/projects into manageable subsets with defined due dates, expectations for scope, strategy & supporting data
Interface with Sales & Estimating department to understand scope of work to lead Engineering department through conceptualization and execution
Interface with Production department to clarify design intent, fabrication methods, fixturing strategies and QA validation
Review drawings for accuracy and clarity; compare against project scope to ensure all details are being met
Accurate analysis of engineering calculations to select appropriate project materials and components
Make recommendations for improvements in efficiency, processes, materials and techniques and provide data to management to support such ideas
Form a strong relationship with customers & co-workers built on mutual respect and accountability of actions

Specifications

Required
BS in an engineering discipline, ideally Mechanical Engineering
5+ years of experience in engineering role, ideally with 1+ year spent in supervisory role
Proficiency in CAD software (prefer Autodesk suite of ACAD, Inventor, Plant3D, Vault)
Hands-on experience with manufacturing and product design
Willingness to accept ownership of complex tasks and see them through to successful completion.
Must be able to work as a positive team member, with professional negotiation skills.
Must be able to work in a multi-task environment with interruptions.
Creative problem solving ability.
Self-starter with limited supervision required.
Ability to travel domestically and internationally (less than 10% annually)

Preferred
Supervisor/Manager experience, managing and coordinating multiple reports
Above average knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook)
Ability to read and interpret fabrication drawings (weld symbols, BOMs, P&IDs, flat patterns, floor plans)
Professional written and verbal skills (proposals, presentations, submittals, communications)
Experience in project planning, estimating, budgeting and forecasting
Relevant technical knowledge and understanding of fabrication trades (cutting/forming/welding/polishing)
Experience in process design, food production or mechanical design

Desired
ERP software experience, Global Shop Solutions preferred
Exposure to automation, controls or electrical design
Knowledge of OSHA and cGMP of industries served (3A, FDA, USDA, IBC)
Competency in VBA programming, Macros and script/query writing (Excel, Access)

Currently an active practicing PE
What sets Sterling Process Engineering and Services apart as an employer?

Strong core values:
o Integrity
o Focused on the Greater Good
o Desire to Learn
o Attention to Detail
o Positive Attitude
Excellent reputation in the industry
Small, stable, family-owned business
EOS company
Value every employee; no “ivory tower”
Family-friendly company that offers flexibility
Great benefits and profit sharing

<i>Salary range: </i><i>$80,000-105,000, commensurate with experience</i>
<i>Benefits: </i>Company sponsored medical, 401k, paid vacation, and seven paid holidays;
Dental, vision, long term disability, short term disability, life insurance, AD&D available

To be considered for this position, please submit your resume by _____; No direct phone calls or emails for this opening will be considered.

Please, no third party placement/recruiting inquires.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Junior Software Developer - San Jose, CA
Qualifications : Bachelors degree or Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, ITQualifications and SkillsRequired Skills : Basic hands on knowledge of any of the following languages C,C++,Core Java, PythonGood written and verbal communication skills and excellent team working skillsPositive attitude and willingness to learn new technologiesMinimum GPA of 3.2 and higher (exceptions can be made if there are valid reasons for a lower GPA)BenefitsOur candidates earn good salaries ranging from $75k to $120k depending on your experience and location of job and client.Please apply with your updated resume or you can call me on 510-564-8400 (Sam Mintz).Job Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $85,000.00 to $95,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $85,000.00 to $95,000.00 /yearExperience:Java: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Intern - Fort Worth, TX 76108
Qualifications:
Pursuing a bachelor's or masters degree from an accredited college in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or a related field
Desired Skills:
Experience with C/C++, JavaDemonstrated leadership experienceExperience with Python, software defined radios, GNU RadioExperience with the Systems Engineering Process from requirements generation, through development, integration, and testRecent work experience with embedded architectures, single board computers, hardware and software in the loop implementation and testing
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Co-op/Summer Intern

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Materials/corrosion Engineer - Tyrone, GA 30290
QualificationsAdvanced degree in Mechanical/Material/Chemical/Electrical/Corrosion Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, or related field from an accredited university preferred, other degrees with appropriate experience will be considered.Materials/corrosion Engineer skillsFamiliar/experience with electrochemical characterization techniques using AC and DC methods such as Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, Voltammetry, Galvanostatic polarization, Rotating disk electrode, Linear polarization to evaluate the electrochemical behavior of metals and coatings.Good knowledge of corrosion fundamentals, specifically galvanic corrosion, atmospheric corrosion, localized corrosion, and alloying effects on corrosion performance, and related accelerated corrosion testing standards.Proficient in standard MS Office software and basic statistical conceptsExcellent oral and written communication skillsAttention to detailsDemonstrated ability to take theoretical constructs and apply them to real-world problem solvingAbility to work on long-term and short-term projects simultaneously; proven multi-tasking ability.Knowledge on use of typical coating technologies used in aerospace, automotive, oil & gas, marine and similar industriesKnowledge in electrochemical/corrosion modeling is a plus but not essential.Materials/corrosion Engineer ExperienceAt least 3 years of work experience in academia or industrial R&D setting, or in close partnership with industry partners, with focus on surface science, surface treatment, accelerated corrosion testing.BenefitsHealth plan, paid annual leave, flex-time, matching IRA contribution plan.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $90,000.00 to $120,000.00 /yearEducation:Master's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer, Electrical - Buena Park, CA 90620
Requirements into Subsystem and Component level Requirements.
Design and develop electronic components and equipment.
Perform component selection, schematic capture, design analysis, stress analysis.
Perform design verification testing.
Develop test plan for manufacturing test procedures.
Prepare Bill of Material and Assembly drawings for designs.
Coordinate product transition from engineering to operations.
Coordinate design activities on assigned projects in a multi-disciplinary team.
Perform other duties as required.
Maintain the highest ethical standards, even when challenged from above.
Understand and live by Esterline’s ethics and business conduct policies

What You Will Bring

A Bachelor’s Degree from a four-year University in Electrical Engineering required.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with power electronics and analog designs.
Minimum 2 years’ experience Altium schematic capture tools.
Experience in performing circuit analysis for worst case stress and failure modes.
Experience with power MOSFET circuit design for 115 VAC and 270 VDC power systems
Familiar in handling high power testing and instrumentation.
Excellent in technical writing skills.
Excellent computer skills.
Experience in design in multi-disciplinary team.
Pragmatic thinker able to prioritize and mitigate risks
Master of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering, preferred
Familiar with Solid State Power Controller Devices, preferred
Familiar with PCB floor plan to comply with EMC/EMI requirements,preferred
Familiar with DOORS (requirement management software),preferred
Familiar with electro-mechanical technologies, preferred
Familiar with aerospace standard requirements, preferred

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Component Engineer III - Burbank, CA
Qualifications:

Experience: 5+ years of experience as an Electrical Engineer or Component Engineer in an Avionics environment, or equivalent electronics design and/or manufacturing experience
Knowledge: Demonstrated expertise in Electronic Component Management procedures and practices; familiarity with microcircuits and other electronic components; familiarity with military and industry standards for electronic components. Working knowledge of electronics design and part reliability is a plus.
Skills/Abilities: Expert Materials Requirement Planning (MRP) and/or Product Lifecycle Maintenance (PLM) software expertise; Proficient with the Microsoft Office suite and basic database skills. Ability to lead through influence and persuasion; Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communications skills; Demonstrated multitasking and prioritization skills; Demonstrated ability to follow and improve processes; Ability to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals; Ability to work well within a team environment
Education/Certification: BA or BS degree Electrical Engineering or related field
Employment Eligibility Requirement:

Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and not require Visa sponsorship to be eligible. Because we contract with the US Department of Defense we are bound by International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR).

Crane Aerospace & Electronics offers competitive salaries and outstanding opportunities for career growth and development. Visit our website at CraneAE.com for more information on our company, benefits and great opportunities.

This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work being performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

Crane Co. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.

#LI-CC1
Back Share
Apply Now

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Los Gatos, CA
Requirements: Energetic, holding a BSEE or related degree coupled with 3 to 7 years of electrical engineering experience, with some exposure to the medical device/equipment industry. Possess a solid familiarity with the design, manufacturing and sourcing of electrical components. Familiarity with prototyping, simulation, debug, and testing of circuits is preferred. Familiarity of IEC/UL-60601 and related standards is also preferred.
Our fast-paced environment demands the ability to manage multiple projects within various disciplines and deadlines. High-energy, self-starters with the following qualities:
Good communication skills
Flexibility to multi-task and perform a wide range of activities
Excellent computer skills, including MS Office proficiency

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager - New York, NY 10018
Qualifications:

Electrical Engineering Degree
10+ years of related commercial construction engineering experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills essential
Be able to advance people skills
Revit and/or BIM expertise a plus
#CB

We offer our employees a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package and are always looking for individuals with the talent and skills required to contribute to our continued growth and success. Equal Opportunity Employer.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>NETWORK ENGINEERS - United States
Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree or foreign degree equivalent in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering or Telecommunications and Network Management and two months’ experience in position or two months’ experience in Network Engineering field.
Special requirements: Experience with TCP/IP Protocol Suite, Cisco Routers and Switches, Ethernet, STP, Port-Security, EtherChannel (LACP, PAgp), BPDU Guard Palo Alto, EIGRP/OSPF and HSRP/VRRP/GLBP. Travel to various unanticipated client sites required. May reside anywhere in the United States.

Any Applicant who is interested in this position may apply by regular mail (including Reference Number 10007) to:

Human Resources
Meridian IT Inc.
Nine Parkway North, Suite 500
Deerfield, IL 60015

<i>Meridian IT is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Kingwood, TX 77339
Qualifications:BS in EE w/ PE license OR MS in EE10+ years of forensic industry and fire investigation experienceExcellent written and verbal communication skillsA self-starter capable of working under minimal supervisionWillingness to work with a team and to coach and mentor othersPreferred Qualifications:In-depth knowledge of electrical appliancesStrong analytical aptitudeTesting design and developmentCFEI/CFIWorking knowledge of Microsoft OfficeJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $105,000.00 to $120,000.00 /yearEducation:Bachelor's (Required)License:Professional Engineer (Preferred)CFEI/CFI (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Controls Engineer I/II - Lowell, MI 49331
Qualifications:Experience with PLC’s and HMI’s using such brands as Allen Bradley (PLC5 and ControlLogix), Modicon, GE, and Mitsubishi. Experience with controls hardware design is required. Must know NFPA 79, IEEE, RIA, and ANSI Safety Standards. Determines controls engineering design issues by studying project concepts, objectives, priorities, and requirements; analyzing user and potential user input; evaluating similar and related products and systems; identifying and establishing performance standards. Organizes design project by identifying short-term and long-range issues; preparing timetables, cost estimates, and required resources.Programs different types of instrumentation including: Variable Speed Drives, Temperature Controllers, Chart Recorders, etc. Participates in Installation, start-up and commissioning of Control Systems. Experience with CIP Motion is desired. Proficiency with Microsoft applications including: Excel, Outlook, Word, Access, Project, and Visio, Programming Skills in VB and VB.Net are preferred. Willingness to work weekends, overtime and to travel.Knowledge and Experience:Demonstrates and applies a broad knowledge of field of specialization through successful completion of moderately complex assignments. Successfully applies complex knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of particular area of specialization. Demonstrates knowledge of organizations business practices and issues. Typically 5-8 years of successful experience in related field and successful demonstration of Key Responsibilities and Knowledge as presented above. Advanced degree MAY be substituted for experience, where applicable.Understands work scope, quantity and familiar with logical sequences in terms of engineering, manufacturing and construction disciplines. Works closely with management, engineering, CAD and installation in the development of work to break down structure for progress measurement, scheduling, cost estimating and project control.REQUIRED EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCEBachelor of Science-Electrical Engineering with 3 or more years of experienceWithout a degree, 7-10 years of proven experienceREQUIRED DECISION-MAKING AND ORGANIZATION IMPACTModerate level of impact on the organization. Requires day to day decision making skills.REPORTING RELATIONSHIPSReports to General Manager and Engineering Project PlannerWORKING CONDITIONSThe incumbent is office based within an engineering environment, however; a significant amount of time is spent at the customer location therefore good mobility is essential. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. A reasonable amount of domestic travel is required.BENEFITSE-Motion Controls has a full benefit package to include medical/RX, dental, vision, company paid life insurance, STD, LTD, paid vacation, $650 company contribution to your Health Savings Account, Simple IRA with contribution of 3%.We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>3D XPoint Advanced Memory Technology Development Engineer - Santa Clara, CA 95052
Requirements: Ability to work independently and efficiently to address complex technical challenges, Excellent communication and presentation skills, and have a demonstrated track-record of working effectively in a cross-functional team setting.

Qualifications

Education: Candidate should possess a BS or a MS degree with at least 3 years additional experience or a Doctor of Philosophy degree with at least 1 year additional experience, in Physics, Electrical Engineering, or a related field. Minimum Requirements: Minimum 3 years of experience in Semiconductor device physics. Minimum 3 years of experience in Characterization or Modeling of advanced semiconductor devices Minimum 2 years of experience in programming and scripting languages, such as C++, Python, Matlab Minimum 2 years of experience in statistical analysis methods and analysis software, such as Excel and JMP Preferred Qualifications: Experience with electrical test equipment such as oscilloscope, pulse generator, parameter analyzer Prior experience working on a memory technology (e.g. NAND/NOR flash)
Inside this Business Group
Non-Volatile Solutions Memory Group: The Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group is a worldwide organization that delivers NAND flash memory products for use in Solid State Drives (SSDs), portable memory storage devices, digital camera memory cards, and other devices. The group is responsible for NVM technology design and development, complete Solid State Drive (SSD) system hardware and firmware development, as well as wafer and SSD manufacturing.

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - Guam
Requirements

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Requirements
</h2><h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Conditions of Employment
</h3>Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify/.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
You will be required to obtain and maintain a current valid United States driver?s license.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Incumbent may be required to work overtime.
Registration as a Professional Engineer (PE) is highly desirable, If registration been obtained, then it is expected that the minimum education and professional experience requirements or registration have been met.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Qualifications
</h3>Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: performing project engineering functions and construction management services concerning contracts related to facilities construction, repair and maintenance.



Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf


https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=Group-Standards


Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education
</h3>Basic Requirements:


A. Degree: Engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by ABET; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.


OR


B. Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following:


1. Professional registration or licensure - Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT)1, or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration. For example, an applicant who attains registration through a State Board's eminence provision as a manufacturing engineer typically would be rated eligible only for manufacturing engineering positions.

2. Written Test - Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE)2 examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico.

3. Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A.

4. Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions. (The above examples of related curricula are not all-inclusive.)


Note: An applicant who meets the basic requirements as specified in A or B above, except as noted under B.1., may qualify for positions in any branch of engineering unless selective factors indicate otherwise.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additional information
</h3>This announcement uses the Technical Acquisition direct hire authority to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to certain positions in the competitive service.


This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.


Several vacancies may be filled.


Pay Retention will be extended to eligible Department of Defense employees.


A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.


Recruitment incentives may be authorized to eligible new hires.


A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.


Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf .

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How You Will Be Evaluated
</h3>You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.


As vacancies occur, the Human Resources Office will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this flyer. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume, along with your supporting documentation.


If selected, you may be required to provide additional supporting documentation.


If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may be found ineligible/not qualified.


Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.


All qualification requirements must be met before being considered for any vacancies.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Background checks and security clearance
</h3><h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Security clearance
</h5>Secret
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Drug test required
</h5>No
Required Documents

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Required Documents
</h2>A COMPLETE RESUME IS REQUIRED. Your resume must show relevant experience (cover letter optional) where you worked, job title, duties and accomplishments, employer's name and address, supervisor's name and phone number, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week & salary. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade level i.e. GS-0201-09. Note: Only the last resume received will be reviewed.


YOU ARE REQUIRED TO DOCUMENT IN YOUR APPLICATION PACKAGE EVIDENCE THAT SUPPORTS YOUR ELIGIBILITY AND QUALIFICATION CLAIMS. You are required to include the applicable documents with your application package. These documents will assist the human resources office in determining your eligibility and qualifications.


DOES THIS POSITION REQUIRE A LICENSE OR CERTIFICATE?

You must submit a copy of your license or certificate in your application package.


ARE YOU QUALIFYING BASED ON EDUCATION or A COMBINATION OF EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE?

You must submit a copy of your college transcript or an appropriate course listing. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Applicants can verify accreditation at the following website: http://www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html . All education claimed by applicants will be verified by the appointing agency accordingly. If selected, an official/sealed transcript will be required prior to appointment.


ARE YOU AN ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE MEMBER? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).


Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
</h4>Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Benefits
</h2>A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ENGINEERING ASSOCIATE - ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING and RELIABILITY - Houston, TX
Requirements

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited institution, or similar.
Minimum 15 years of experience as an Electrical or Reliability engineer or equivalent role with a proven track record in an Engineering Contractor and/or Operating Company covering the detailed engineering, operational, and maintenance aspects of electrical systems and the following equipment:
MV and LV induction & synchronous motors
MV and LV induction & synchronous generators
MV and LV switchgears including protection and control
Variable speed drive and soft start systems
Power and distribution transformers
Instrument power distribution with uninterruptible power supply systems
Sound knowledge of hazardous area equipment selection and application
Up-to-date knowledge of major international codes & standards
The ability to work and communicate effectively in an influencing role across a diverse range of cultures.
Experience performing reliability predications and analysis for industrial gas, petrochemical, chemical or manufacturing systems.
Practical experience using and evaluating condition monitoring equipment and its data output analytics, in interpreting the data to make decisions related to equipment reliability.
Have Professional Engineer, Chartered Engineer Status or similar level of professional certification.
English as the primary language.

Required Skills

Passionate focus on electrical safety.
Strong knowledge of electrical equipment and systems, including aging of equipment.
Strong knowledge of maintenance excellence processes in a chemical manufacturing environment.
Ability to bridge between technical evaluation and commercial recommendation and a course of action.
Leader of change, with ability to influence and gain support from operator/craft level to executive leadership.
Excellent critical thinking skills and business acumen.
Strong interpersonal, communications, facilitation and presentation skills.
Frequent travel (25-30%) to operating facilities and other regional engineering and operations centers.

 Air Products (NYSE:APD) is a world-leading Industrial Gases company in operation for over 75 years. The Company’s core industrial gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. Air Products is also the world’s leading supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company had fiscal 2017 sales of $8.2 billion from continuing operations in 50 countries and has a current market capitalization of approximately $30 billion. Approximately 15,000 passionate, talented and committed employees from a diversity of backgrounds are driven by Air Products’ higher purpose to create innovative solutions that benefit the environment, enhance sustainability and address the challenges facing customers, communities and the world<i>.</i>

To apply for this position, please visit the Air Products Career Center. You can apply specifically to Job Req #23031BR. If you are a current Air Products employee, please apply via APOnline by clicking on Online Applications, then selecting Career Center.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

#LI-LS1

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - New York, NY
Requirements


(1) Four (4) years of full-time, satisfactory experience in electrical engineering work; and

(2) A valid New York State Professional Engineer’s License. Current New York State registration as a Professional Engineer must be maintained for the duration of your employment.

A masters degree in electrical engineering from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) may be substituted for one year of the electrical engineering experience required in “1" above.



Preferred Skills


Proficiency in computer programs such as Word, Excel, Adobe Acrobat, ComCheck and updated versions of AutoCAD.Demonstrated creative thinking and problem solving.Familiarity with NYC Building Code.Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a teamProactive & driven with ability to generate positive solutions and resultsAbility to reprioritize projects & deliverables frequentlyAbility to think strategically and analyze all potential issues and alternative solutionsStrong interpersonal and customer skills in order to effectively communicate with multiple stakeholdersFamiliarity developing scopes of work.



To Apply


List call



Residency Requirement


New York City Residency is not required for this position

 ----------------------------- 

<title>ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - Baton Rouge, LA
Requirements:
Four year degree in Electrical Engineering.
Requires a minimum of 7 years experience in Electrical Engineering (or equivalent working knowledge/experience). This includes proficiency in utilizing various computer software packages. Registration as a licensed professional engineer is preferred.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Controls Engineer - Denver, CO
Requirements: - 5 years AutoCAD experience- 5 years programming PLCs with Rockwell Software RSLogix 5000 / Studio 5000- Proficient with Rockwell Software FTView Studio software- Proficient with VFDs, troubleshooting control circuits, industrial control products, etc.- 5 years experience doing similar industrial automation projects and traveling to the customer's site for job startups.- Strong technical writing ability for customer manuals and documentation.Additional Info: Experience in the Food & Beverage Industry is a plus.This position requires 25-40% travel for job startups.No relocation package.Must have a clean driving record.Western Industrial Contractors is a drug free workplace.We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings.Know more about us visit: Westerncon.comJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /yearExperience:AutoCAD: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Denver, CO (Preferred)License:Driver's License (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Interdisciplinary Engineer - Washington, DC
Requirements

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Requirements
</h2><h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Conditions of Employment
</h3>U.S. Citizenship
Males born after 12/31/59 must be registered for Selective Service
Resume and supporting documents (see "How to Apply" section.)
Suitability for Federal employment
Financial Interest in transportation enterprises is prohibited
Bargaining Unit Position: YES
Direct Deposit is required.
Trial or probationary period may be required.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Qualifications
</h3>DEGREE: Bachelor's or higher degree in ENGINEERING. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1) be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science and physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.

OR

a combination of education and experience which includes successful completion of one of the following as defined by the Office of Personnel Management: Professional Registration, Written Test, Specified academic courses or Related curriculum. More information regarding the above alternative methods may be found at: http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/IORs/gs0800/0800.htm


In addition to the education requirement, experience as follows is required.


GS-13: To minimally qualify for the GS-13 level, the applicant must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level. Specialized experience demonstrates mastery of engineering theories and methods sufficient to develop new procedures to address novel/complex investigation scenarios; ability to apply industry-accepted principles, techniques and practices of engineering to conduct complex analyses of recorded data, audio, or video; and ability to resolve technical challenges in extraction of recorded data, audio or video when standard methods are not successful or available.

GS-12: To minimally qualify for the GS-12 level, the applicant must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level. Specialized experience demonstrates ability to apply industry-accepted principles, techniques and practices of engineering to conduct complex analyses of recorded data, audio, or video; and ability to resolve technical challenges in extraction of recorded data, audio or video when standard methods are not successful.

GS-11: To minimally qualify for the GS-11 level, the applicant must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 level. Specialized experience demonstrates ability to apply industry-accepted principles, techniques and practices of engineering to conduct analyses of recorded data, audio, or video; and ability to extract recorded data, audio or video using standard methods;

OR

3 years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph. D. or equivalent doctoral degree. To be creditable, your education must be directly related to the position being filled.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Education
</h3>As stated in the qualifications section.
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Additional information
</h3>- The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes, in part, paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits, and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. A variety of work life amenities are offered such as alternate work schedules, telework, flextime, fitness benefits and transit benefits.
- Moving expenses associated with permanent change of station (PCS) ARE NOT authorized for this position.
- Recruitment incentives may be available to eligible applicants.
- If you left Federal Employment and received a buy out and you are selected for this position, you may be required to repay the full amount of the payment.
- Multiple and subsequent vacancies may be filled from this announcement.
- If you are an eligible Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) applicant you may apply for special selection over other candidates for this position. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must be rated at 90 or above on the rating criteria for this position. ICTAP eligibles must submit one of the following as proof of eligibility for the special selection priority: a separation notice; a "Notice of Personnel Action" (SF-50) documenting separation; an agency certification that you cannot be placed after injury compensation has been terminated; an OPM notification that your disability annuity has been terminated; OR a Military Department or National Guard Bureau notification that you are retired under 5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456.
- Veterans who served on active duty in the U.S. Armed Forces and were separated under honorable conditions may be eligible for veterans' preference. Veterans' preference does not apply to positions in the Senior Executive Service or to internal agency actions such as a reassignment or promotion. When claiming preference, veterans must provide a copy of their DD-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, or other acceptable documentation. Applicants claiming 10 point preference will need to submit Form SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. If you have questions about the applicability of veterans' preference for a particular vacancy please contact the agency posting the announcement. To learn more about veterans' preference, special veteran appointing authorities, and other veteran related topics, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov.
- All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Additional information on the qualification requirements is outlined in the OPM Qualifications Standards Handbook of General Schedule Positions. It is available for your review in our office, in other Federal agency personnel offices, and on OPM's web site at http://www.opm.gov/qualifications .
- Telework may be authorized on a case-by-case basis.
- The National Transportation Safety Board provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the National Transportation Safety Board directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">How You Will Be Evaluated
</h3>You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
**EXTENDED OPENING PERIOD**EXTENDED OPENING PERIOD**EXTENDED OPENING PERIOD**EXTENDED OPENING PERIOD**

This announcement will be open through February 28, 2019. Applications will be reviewed on November 23, 2018, December 21, 2018, January 18, 2019 and February 28, 2019. Complete application packages received on or before each cut-off point will be reviewed for eligibility/qualifications and referred to the selecting official for consideration. Announcement will remain open until filled or the closing date is reached.


Applicants will be rated using the Category Rating System. Your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses to the Screening Questions/Occupational Questionnaire for consistency. Applicants must first meet any mandatory education/licensure/certification requirements before experience is evaluated. Failure to meet any mandatory requirement as outlined in the qualifications section will disqualify you from further consideration. Based on the extent and quality of your experience, education, and training in relation to these competencies, you will be placed into one of the following three categories:
- Highly Qualified - Applicants with a background that demonstrates a superior level of possession of all competencies.·
- Well Qualified - Applicants with a background that demonstrates a satisfactory level of possession of the competencies.·
- Qualified - Applicants possessing the specialized experience described above and any education or selective factor if also required.

The Category Rating Method does not add Veterans' preference points or apply the "rule of three", but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category. Documented preference eligibles who meet minimum qualification/eligibility requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10% will be listed in the highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-9 grade level or higher.


We will review your resume and supporting documentation to determine your eligibility and qualifications. If mandatory education/licensure/certification requirements are met, your application will be further evaluated based on training, experience and other factors critical to successful job performance such as:
- Skill with processing and analyzing recorded information such as parametric data recorded in vehicle data recording systems, vehicle tests, or a laboratory test environment, including knowledge of signal processing hardware and software.
- Knowledge of accident investigation processes, practices, and methods, including the extraction of information from on-board data, audio, or video recording devices.
- Ability to lead teams composed of technical personnel drawn from different organizations in accomplishing desired goals.
- Ability to prepare technical reports and make oral presentations especially as they relate to expressing complex technical matters in terms easily understood by a non-technical audience.
- Knowledge of aircraft or surface vehicle operations or systems (such as controls, navigation, engines, etc.) in a civilian or military environment.

If a determination is made that you have rated yourself higher than is supported by your resume, you will be assigned a rating commensurate to your described experience or your application may be removed from further consideration.

<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">Background checks and security clearance
</h3><h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Security clearance
</h5>Secret
<h5 class="jobSectionHeader">Drug test required
</h5>No
Required Documents

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Required Documents
</h2>You are encouraged to apply online. Applying online will allow you to review and track the status of your application. The following documents are required for a COMPLETE APPLICATION PACKAGE:


To fully determine eligibility, all applicable documents listed below must be submitted. Failure to submit any of the below documentation may result in your disqualification from further consideration.
- Resume
- Responses to the questionnaire
- If claiming Veterans Preference, DD-214 or equivalent; if claiming compensable injury, include SF-15 and VA Letter.
- Complete transcripts which verify your possession of the education requirement ( NOTE : Copies of diplomas and partial transcripts WILL NOT be accepted).
<h4 class="jobSectionHeader">If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
</h4>Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">Benefits
</h2>A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>System Planning Engineer – Bulk Power Systems - Stuart, FL
Requirements: Bachelor degree or higher in Electrical Engineering with emphasis on Electric Power Systems.Minimum of 3 years’ experience working directly in a bulk power system planning role. Note: This is not a distributed generation, behind the meter, or micro grid position. To be considered a qualified applicant, the individual must have direct system planning experience including the ability to propose alternate solutions to relieve bulk power system constraints and directly challenge the results of experienced system planning personnel in the various ISOs, RTOs, and control areas.Individual must be able to obtain the power flow and dynamic cases from the various ISOs, RTOs, control areas and run Siemens PSS/E steady state, short circuit, and dynamics software modules with a high level of experience. No training will be provided; this job requires being able to understand what is driving thermal/voltage constraints and/or transient stability issues and propose the most cost effective solution by experimenting with bulk power system topology changes.Must be fully trained in:Transient stability;Short circuit, load flow and voltage analysis;Generator Interconnection;Harmonics Analysis;Production costing. * Familiarity with NERC/NPCC/ISO transmission planning practices. Must have the ability to communicate with system planning personnel to determine the exact procedures used to perform feasibility studies and system impact studies within ERCOT, MISO, PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO, CAISO, etc.Willingness and ability to travel, up to 10% of the time.Strong written and verbal English communication skills.Responsibilities: Performing reliability and/or planning studies including generation interconnection studies, transient stability and Electro-Magnetic Transient (EMT) studies on bulk power networks.Must be able to run the PSS/E model and make topology changes to achieve design goals and desired outcome.Must be able to run short circuit analysis and determine cost-effective solutions to resolve overloads.Identifying MW generation injection capability at point of interconnection subject to reliability constraints in various planning regions such as MISO, PJM, SPP, ERCOT, CAISO, ISO-NE and NYISO.Effectively analyze and creatively resolve bulk power system issues with the goal of reducing or eliminating the interconnection costs for active wind and solar projects.Must be able to identify the drivers of constraints and communicate potential impacts to proposed wind and solar projects.Successfully present findings to other system planning personnel with the intent of changing or reducing the amount of system upgrades required in order to improve project cost and schedule.Assist in design of wind farm and solar electrical collection systems (34.5kV), substations (34.5kV – transmission voltage 115kV – 230kV – 345kV), and project owned transmission lines.Support interconnection feasibility assessment and application for early stage development of wind and solar PV projects.Support Business Development to prepare technical aspects of interconnection applications.Engage consultants for development of design drawings, dynamic models, or other specialized deliverables.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.00 to $95,000.00 /yearExperience:Bulk Power System Planning: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Stuart, FL (Required)License:GRID (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineer I-Electrical (Legacy Program) - Tonopah, AZ
Requirements
Requires BS degree in Electrical Engineering. Knowledge and ability to apply basic discipline engineering principles, practices and theories and use commonly applied engineering approaches and calculations. Demonstrated ability in problem analysis/resolution techniques and knowledge of systems design. Must possess working knowledge of applicable codes, standards, practices and methods, and safety standards in the area of applicable engineering discipline. Must possess general business perspective; problem solving skills, strong interpersonal and communication skills. Preferred: Minimum GPA of 3.2.
Nuclear requirement: Any PVGS employee may be called upon to serve as a member of the Emergency Response Organization (ERO) and will be expected to fulfill their obligation as an ERO member. This is a condition of employment at PVNGS. Roles and Responsibilities defined in Policy 1503 and implementing policy guide are applicable to all PVGS employees.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Export Compliance/EEO</h2>


This position may require access to and/or use of information subject to control under the Department of Energy's Part 810 Regulations (10 CFR Part 810), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR Parts 730 through 774), or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter M Part 120) (collectively, "U.S. Export Control Laws"). Therefore, some positions may require applicants to be a U.S. person, which is defined as a U.S. Citizen, a U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), a Political Asylee, or a Refugee under the U.S. Export Control Laws. All applicants will be required to confirm their U.S. person or non-US person status. All information collected in this regard will only be used to ensure compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws, and will be used in full compliance with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of national origin and other factors. For positions at Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations (PVNGS) all openings will require applicants to be a U.S. person.
Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Pinnacle West”) provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Targeted Posting</h2>


This position is targeted to applicants who attend a career fair Palo Verde is participating in. We will be represented at the following schools: Arizona State University, Northern Arizona University, University of Arizona, New Mexico State University, University of New Mexico, Missouri University of Science and Technology, University of Illinois-Champaign, University of Wisconsin- Madison and Oregon State University.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>(Electrical Engineer) R&amp;D Engineer 1 - Los Alamos, NM
Requirements:
Knowledge through either coursework and advanced studies, or previous experience in 1 or more of the following areas:
Detonator Firing Systems (design, qualification, hardening, or troubleshooting)
Software design applicable to system control
Pulse Power research, design, application
Analog Design
Development and implementation of advanced diagnostic techniques associated with detonator firing systems and detonators
Time and frequency domain acquisition (oscilloscopes, network analyzer, signal generators, spectrum analyzer, TDR) and analysis techniques.
Demonstrated knowledge of LabVIEW and National Instrument hardware (primarily cRIO and sbRIO components)
Knowledge of and experience in design & analysis tools, such as simulation tools, electromagnetic design tools, schematic capture, printed circuit board layout and signal integrity analysis tools.
Experience in and knowledge of data analysis tools, such as Matlab and LabVIEW.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team with emphasis on self-initiative and technical leadership to develop high quality and proven solutions for customer needs.
Excellent oral, written and presentation communication skills. Demonstrated successful experience working in an integrated team environment.
Ability to read and interpret electrical engineering design drawings and effectively apply fundamental problem analysis skills.
Knowledge of, and experience with, quality requirements
Desired Skills:
Experience with the following:
analog circuit design
high voltage switch trigger design
multipoint initiation systems
processing and analysis of experimental data sets
error analysis of diagnostics
detonator modeling in particular electrical modeling of detonator bridges
debugging & troubleshooting circuits/prototypes, including fault analysis
high voltage safety
modeling of pulse discharge components in particular nonlinear dependencies upon voltage, current, action, frequency, etc.
spark gaps, surface discharge switches and/or pulse power semiconductor switches
high voltage capacitors
electromagnetic design (cavities, transmission lines, waveguides)
Experience modeling with SPICE for circuits and electromagnetic field simulation software
Experience designing high current/high voltage pulse discharge circuits
Experience in system miniaturization, e.g. MEMS
Experience utilizing and/or developing signal-processing techniques of dynamical systems.
Knowledge of the NNSA Enterprise design laboratory and plant interactions and operations.
Demonstrated experience in secure work environment or working with sensitive or classified information
Understanding and/or experience with LANL Weapons Quality Assurance Program and Engineering Authorization System
Knowledge/experience of software quality assurance and source code configuration management practices.
Active Q clearance.
Education: A minimum of a BS in engineering from an Accreditation Board or Engineering and Technology (ABET) college or university program is required; advanced degree is strongly preferred.
Work Environment: Outdoors, domestic/foreign travel.
Notes to Applicants: For full consideration, applicants must submit a comprehensive cover letter that addresses the key requirements of the position.
Additional Details:
Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.

Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.

New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.

Regular position: Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.

Internal Applicants: Please refer to Laboratory policy P701 for applicant eligibility.
Equal Opportunity: Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader"><i>Where You Will Work</i></h2>
Located in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.
The Detonator Technology Group (Q-6) is the design authority for detonator designs, high-explosive initiation system research and development, advanced detonator diagnostic development, detonator qualification testing, and associated surety and surveillance activities. Q-6 operates and maintains explosives and electronic test laboratories and focuses on ensuring programmatic and operational excellence throughout the organization.
Appointment TypeRegular Regular Minimum Salary80100 Maximum Salary131000

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manufacturing Engineer (Process Design), General Assembly - Fremont, CA
Requirements
 BS Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Mechatronics Engineering. Minimum 5 years related experience in a technology based industry, where automated assembly techniques are utilized. Industrial Engineering experience working in high-volume assembly processes. New product introduction and Manufacturing Operations experience desired Working knowledge of GD&T principles favorable NX, SolidWorks CAD or ProE experiences a plus Simul8, AnyLogic, Flexsim experience is a plus Proficiency in the development and deployment of PFMEAs Knowledge of Production Parts Approval Process (PPAP) Six Sigma Black belt is advantageous Knowledge of automated equipment systems and tools - robotic, vision, material handling, Conveyors, PLC, HMI, etc. Well organized with meticulous attention to detail Mastery of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc (MS Office suite) Travel required – 10%
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>System Validation Engineer- Powertrain Thermals - Palo Alto, CA
Requirements
BS Degree in electrical, computer or mechanical engineering or equivalent required
Background in thermodynamics a plus
Experience troubleshooting and debugging electronics and complex electro-mechanical products
Experience with Python or other scripting languages
Experience with test automation a plus
Experience in battery management systems a plus
Experience with automotive or green energy background a plus
Interest in solving complex and time critical problems
Apply

Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Component Engineer - Syracuse, NY 13212
Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or related discipline
Six years of relevant experience
Demonstrate aptitude for communication, collaboration and cooperation with variety of stakeholders
Experience with SiliconExpert and similar tools and be able to leverage data and policies to provide proactive lifecycle information
Industry contacts and relationships are desired

Security Clearance Requirements
Must be a U.S. citizen. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate
against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status,
or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Engineering Manager - Controls &amp; Automation - Cincinnati, OH
Requirements:B.S. Degree in Engineering Discipline7+ years of experience in the design of automated cells & machine control systems5+ years of experience managing a team of Controls EngineersAutoCad proficiencyExtensive knowledge of PLC’s, robot programming & automated systemsJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $110,000.00 to $125,000.00 /year

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Analyst, Electrical Engineering - Benton Harbor, MI 49022
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering.
5+ years of experience in creating and integrating core motor control algorithms for permanent magnet motors and controlled induction motors into products.
Preferred Requirements:
Master’s Degree in Motor Control preferred.
Ph.D. Degree is preferred.
In-depth understanding of electrical machines particularly Permanent Magnet (Brushless Direct Current) BLDC and (Brushless Alternating Current) BLAC.
Extensive experience designing and implementing motor control methodologies particularly Field Oriented and Direct Torque controls
Understanding of higher level control schemes such as feedback, feedforward, and model predictive control.
Proficiency in embedded C programming and debugging tools.
Proficiency in Matlab /Simulink tools and familiarity with (Software in the Loop) SIL, (Model in the Loop) MIL, (Processor in the Loop) PIL, (Hardware in the Loop) HIL methodologies.
FMEA, requirements management, project management, problem-solving methodologies, and tools.
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Ability to work in a cross-functional and global team.
Good communication and self-management skills.
RSRWH
Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) is the world’s leading major home appliance company, with approximately $21 billion in annual sales, 92,000 employees and 70 manufacturing and technology research centers in 2017. The company markets Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Indesit and other major brand names in nearly every country throughout the world.
At Whirlpool Corporation, we believe that all people matter. Celebrating diversity and including thousands of perspectives empower us to create products that blend into every concept of home. Whirlpool Corporation is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
Additional information about the company can be found on Twitter at @WhirlpoolCorp.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Entry-Level Electrical Engineer - Chicago, IL
Requirements
BS Electrical Engineering degree
Understanding of power engineering theories and principles
Understanding of practices of researching engineering and design issues, evaluating alternatives, making sound recommendations and preparing recommendations
Ability to deal with a variety of individuals from various socio-economic, cultural and ethnic backgrounds
Good written and oral communication skills
CAD software knowledge a plus
Understanding of building design, power generation plants, and/or utility systems
Ability to understand complex initiatives across multiple teams/platforms
Demonstrated project management skills
Quantitative and analytical skill set
1-3 years of relevant experience
Must be willing to comply with pre-employment screening, including but not limited to, drug testing, reference verification, and background check.
Legal authorization to work in the US is required.
Must be willing to work out of an office in Chicago, IL
Possess a valid USA Driver’s License

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Estimator - Whittier, CA 90606
Requirements:
High School diploma or GED. Some college preferred although not required.At least 2-5 years working as an electrical estimator.General electrical design and engineering concepts. Ability to lay out branch circuiting, understand contract documents, drawings and specifications. General knowledge of electrical material costs.Accubid experience desired.
Applicants must be authorized to work in the United States. This position is not eligible for sponsorship.
About Cupertino Electric, Inc.

Cupertino Electric, Inc. (CEI) is headquartered in San Jose, Calif. and has provided expert engineering and construction services for a constantly evolving world for 60 years. Its Energy Alternatives Division designs, constructs and manages innovative solar and alternative energy solutions. For more information, visit www.cei.com.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate Electrical Engineer - Washington, DC 20001
Requirements: BSEE or equivalent four year technical engineering degree.Minimum 1 year HVAC system analysis and design engineering experience, with exposure to facility operations and mechanical installation projects involving co-generation, heating, cooling, lighting, building controls, and automation technologies.Additional Preferred Qualifications: Fundamentals of Engineer (FE)Experience with cogeneration on systems from 60 KW up to 1 MW highly desirable. Proven ability to manage and complete complex projects in a timely, cost-effective manner.Excellent verbal, written, computer, and technical communication and presentations skills, including advanced MS Office, Word, Excel proficiency, MS Project, and Primavera.Experience utilizing Trane Trace 700, Carrier HAP Heading and Cooling Load programs, eQuest energy modeling software preferred.Familiarity with AutoCAD and Revit MEP highly desirable.U.S. Citizenship or U.S. Permanent Resident status required.May be required to pass security clearance investigation.Valid Drivers’ License in good standing, issued by resident state required.Travel required.Interested individuals are encouraged to visit http://careers.ameresco.com to submit your resume, cover letter and sample project history. DIRECT Applicant Response Preferred.AMERESCO challenges the brightest, most talented and creative individuals in the industry by providing an environment that embraces initiative, diversity, and achievement along with comprehensive rewards, including people-oriented insurance, investment, and incentive plans.Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/Women/Minorities/Veteran/Disability.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Electrical Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Estimator - Los Angeles, CA
Requirements
Bachelors degree in Construction, Quantity Surveying or relevant related field experienceMinimum of five (5) years of relevant experience in transmission and distribution electrical estimatingAbility to read/interpret detailed prints and specifications for conceptual, lump sum or unit pricing.Ability to perform take-offs, compare unit pricing Underground utility construction estimating experience is a plus (i.e. gas, water, telephone, electric).Previous experience in estimating transmission, distribution, and substation systems required.Must be fluent with Microsoft computer packages.Experience with WinEst estimating software or other computerized bidding software is mandatory.Strong understanding of design drawings and detailed engineering and construction prints. The ability to calculate job requirements from design documents, including quantities, resource hours, duration, limitations, etc.
Benefits
Faithful+Gould offers its employees a robust rewards package which includes:
Competitive salaryBroad Employer based benefits package including medical/RX, dental, vision, life, and disability insuranceGenerous time-off benefits401 (k) with employer matchFlexible work schedules dependent upon approval because of assignment demandsCareer development opportunities through our corporate universityHighly-regarded tuition reimbursement programValuable voluntary options including legal, long term care, pet insurance and car insurance

Equal Opportunity Employer

Faithful+Gould, an ATKINS company, is an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability candidates encouraged to apply. Please view ATKINS Equal Opportunity Statement.

SNC-Lavalin cares about your privacy. SNC-Lavalin and other subsidiary or affiliated companies of SNC-Lavalin (referred to throughout as SNC-Lavalin) are committed to protecting your privacy. Please consult our Privacy Notice to know more about how we collect, use and transfer your Personal Data. By submitting your personal information to SNC-Lavalin, you confirm that you have read and accept our Privacy Notice.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Development Engineer I/II - Simsbury, CT
Requirements verification/validation
Circuit design and analysis
Product test & troubleshooting
Development, maintenance and coordination of technical data packages (TDPs)
Risk assessment and closure plans
Supplier development
Requirements:

A BS/MS in an Engineering discipline (Electrical) is preferred and 2-5 years of experience or equivalent work experience.
Required experience includes:

Electrical CAD (E-CAD) work creating TDPs for electronic assemblies.
Schematic entry
Circuit simulation
Printed circuit board layout
Circuit Analysis
Part stress analysis
Fault Tree Analysis (FTA)
Failure Modes & Effects Analysis (FMEA)
Bent Pin Analysis (BPA)
Desired skills:

Altium Designer
Labview
Reliability Analysis
Technical Procedure & Report Writing
Ensign-Bickford Aerospace & Defense Company (EBAD) is an EO Employer -M/F/Veteran/Disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected class.

#EBAD09/11/2018

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Resident Flight Electrical Engineer - Mesa, AZ
Requirements definition, flow-down, and verification for power, harness, electrical systems, and Electrical Ground Support Equipment (EGSE)
Electrical systems engineering efforts during design, assembly, integration and test
Conduct/Manage spacecraft-level verification and validation of Level 3 (and lower level) spacecraft and spacecraft component electrical requirements.
Support weekly and monthly status meeting with the spacecraft vendor.
Conduct routine coordination with the spacecraft vendor electrical lead.Â

Qualifications
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:

Candidate must have a Bachelorâ&#128;&#153;s Degree in Engineering with at least 10 years of relevant experience.
Hands-on experience with development of satellite electrical systems.
Experience in coordinating stakeholder teams to define engineering interfaces and technical processes.
Experience with mission readiness preparation and post-launch operations â&#128;¢ Knowledge of system engineering and integration tools.
Experience in system and schedule integration.Â
Candidate must have knowledge of NASA engineering standards, processes, and best practices.Â


Overview
SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC is Redefining Ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. SAIC's approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the U.S. federal government. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see My SAIC Benefits. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
Share: mail
Apply Now >

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director of Mechanical Engineering - Bedford, MA 01730
Requirements: A sophisticated, operationally proficient, seasoned technology leader with a successful record of setting technical vision/direction and delivering complex consumer products on time and within budget.A confident, seasoned director with a minimum of 10 years of Mechanical Engineering experience, and 10 years of managing high-performing Mechanical Engineering teams.Must thrive on turning ambiguity and chaos into a coherent and well-run plan (with the right balance of process, rigor, innovation and fun).Strong leadership, collaboration, motivation, strategic thinking and analytical skills; as well as the ability to combine broad technical, business and cultural factors in making well-considered decisions.A good communicator, with high EQ, who understands the value of an engaged organization, and knows how to build one.Highly intelligent and humble, with the experience and insight to recognize and attract top talent, and the leadership to motivate high performance and innovation within the organization.Demonstrated success in leading large, distributed, cross-functional, and cross-cultural teams.The wherewithal, skills and presence to be an effective member of the iRobot leadership team, a strong communicator with a passionate, mission-based orientation to his or her work, highly organized and able to build and maintain strong relationships both within and outside the organization.Past budget and forecasting responsibilities for a global Mechanical Engineering department.Proven track record and comfort working with Asia based contract manufacturers.Fluency in CAD – Solidworks / ProE / Windchill and ability to selectively dive into detailed design issues.Depth and breadth of experience with various manufacturing methods – plastic injection molding, casting, SLA, CNC machining; metal fabrication (bending, die-cutting, stamping, etc.). Experience with soft goods a strong plus.Deep comfort with evaluating components and processes, and associated costs, quality, and impact to schedule.Must have shipped high-quality, complex consumer products with electromechanical components.BS Mechanical Engineering required. Education or experience in Electrical Engineering/Systems Engineering highly desired.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Mechanical Engineering: 10 years (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Mountain View, CA
Requirements


BS or higher degree in Electrical Engineering or Physics (MS preferred).
5+ years of relevant coursework or work experience.
Experienced in the selection and use of DSPs, microcontrollers, and programmable logic devices and their peripheral circuitry (signal conditioning, voltage level translators, etc.).
Comfortable designing and testing board-level power supplies.
Familiar with 100W-1kW+ power switching circuits, high power semiconductor devices, gate drivers, and protection circuitry. Familiar with basic control theory and digital implementation of controls.
Experienced doing or supervising PCB layout, defining PCB stack-up requirements, and optimizing component placements and routing in high power switching circuits for minimal EMC.
Experienced in development of digital and analog interfaces for PC-based test systems, especially (Labview, Matlab, Python).
Proficient with standard EE tools (scopes, network analyzers, etc.)
Excited to join a team of skilled, dedicated engineers working on the next generation of light electric vehicles!

Preferred Qualifications


Experienced with embedded programming of DSPs and FPGAs in real-time control applications.
Familiar with automotive networking (e.g. CAN) standards.
Experienced in obtaining product safety certification through an NRTL (e.g. UL, CE, CSA, CCC, etc.)



 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Boston, MA 02110
Requirements
 7-15 years of experience
in the design of electrical
building systems
 Professional engineer
license in electrical
engineering strongly
preferred
 Ability to lead a
department of 4-5
individuals under direction
of chief electrical engineer
 Experience interacting with
clients and leading client
meetings
 Project management
experience
 Knowledge of engineering
software power system
analysis and lighting
 Working knowledge of
AutoCAD, Revit and
Navisworks
Expectations
 Solid understanding of
building codes.
 Excellent writing and
communication skills.
 Attention to detail
 Ability to exercise
judgment and discretion,
while setting priorities and
managing competing
demands.
 Positive attitude and
genuine interest in building
industry
 Ability to integrate quickly
at a mid-management
level
 Excellent team
management
 Team player

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Robotics &amp; Automation Intern - Utica, NY 13502
Requirements:
Pursing completion of an associate's bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, with a focus on mechatronics engineering or a combination of electrical engineering and mechanical engineering preferred
Must be available to work onsite at the Utica, NY facility, Monday -- Friday, 1 st shift, throughout the internship duration (May 20 - August 16 2019)
Key words: Engineering, Engineer, Advanced Manufacturing, Automation, Robotics, Robots, Mechanical, Mechatronics, Electrical, Intern, Internship, Medical Device, Med Device, LEAN Manufacturing, Utica, Central New York, Upstate New York, Mohawk Valley

CONMED Corporation is a progressive, global medical device company. Through thoughtful leadership, innovation and team work, we are changing the future of medicine. Our 3,500 employees worldwide make meaningful contributions, positively impact the business, and advance in their careers as our company and product portfolio grows.

We are a leader in Orthopedics, General Surgery, Gynecology, Gastroenterology, Pulmonology, and Anesthesiology and our employees enjoy challenging and diverse job opportunities across these varied specializations. We are headquartered in upstate New York with additional domestic facilities in FL, CA, MA, CO, and GA. We have an international presence in more than 20 locations throughout Europe, Australia, Latin America, Asia, North America, and the Middle East.

CONMED offers competitive compensation
Excellent healthcare including medical, dental, vision and prescription coverage
Short & long term disability plus life insurance -- cost paid fully by CONMED
Retirement Savings Plan (401K) -- company match dollar for dollar up to 7%
Employee stock purchase plan -- allows stock purchases at discounted price
Tuition assistance for undergraduate and graduate level courses

CONMED is an Equal Opportunity Employer & an Affirmative Action Employer. CONMED is a strong advocate of workforce diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Plant Engineering Mgr I - Salt Lake City, UT 84104
Requirements
</h2>The Engineering Manager ensures the delivery of engineering services to an assigned plant. He/she provides leadership and direction in assessing, determining and executing facility capital expenditures and maintenance enhancement needs with significant focus on improving productivity and minimizing labor & overhead costs, as well as minimizing milk, ingredient and packaging waste while assuring highest levels of safety, quality, sanitation and regulatory compliance.Ensures mechanical and electrical expertise is available to production and other departments to maintain production systems, utilities, buildings and grounds in a 24-hour 7-day per week operation.Collaborates with plant management and corporate staff to utilize equipment to improve employee safety, production quality, equipment reliability and overall equipment effectiveness utilizing Continuous Improvement techniques and a Management Operating Structure (MOS).Designs, specifies and commissions capital projects which deliver project scope, on-time and on-budget, meeting agreed to stakeholder expectations.Utilizes a computerized maintenance management system to optimize asset utilization through scheduled preventative maintenance.Develops, reports and analyzes key maintenance performance indicators as a means to create and implement corrective actions.Remains current with latest and emerging industry regulations and codes relative to mechanical and electrical systems design and operation.Ensures corporate policies and standards are followed in both capital project implementation as well as daily maintenance.Shares best practices within the Maintenance Department.Promotes a safe and environmentally sound workplace that complies with all applicable federal, state and local regulations.Provides management of employees directly or through supervisors to ensure effective selection, retention, development, disciplinary action and performance management. If a collective bargaining agreement exists, may participate in negotiations, grievances or other contract related activities and discussions.Cooperates in a cross-functional manner as a change agent with all departments within the Company.Ensures compliance with all Dean Corporate policies, procedures and national suppliers.Engages in the typical responsibilities of a manager requiring planning, evaluating, organizing, integrating and delegating.Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in an engineering discipline required and a minimum of 2 years of supervisory experience.Internal Candidates: A minimum of 5 years experience, with a minimum of 2 years of supervisory experience.Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and Auto CAD.Experience managing capital projects.Familiarity with Good Manufacturing Practices.Union (for union facilities), Safety, and Workers Compensation experience preferred.Experience leading and following Safety/Security Policies and Procedures.Ability to follow all Sanitation and Quality Policies and Procedures, and report and follow through on any deficiencies.Ability to follow Continuous Improvement (CI) Processes in the Management Operating Structure (MOS).Excellent verbal/written communication skills.Ability to adapt to changing organizational and operational needs; ability to lead others through change.Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.Skill in organization and prioritization, and attention to detail.Strong team player and leader with the ability to work across multiple functions and disciplines.Ability to select, coach, develop, engage and retain a team of employees.Must be able to pass all pre-employment screens (including drug, background and criminal checks).
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">EEO Statement
</h2>Dean Foods considers marijuana (including medical marijuana) to be an illegal drug. Dean Foods will rescind offers of employment to applicants who test positive for marijuana (unless restricted from doing so by state or local law). Dean Foods is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Associate Plant Manager - Monticello, AR 71655
Requirements: S. In Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similarFive or more years similar experience.Five or more years of safety experience.Experience with plant operations and maintenance.Experience with electrical systems and components.Higher Pay may be available based on experience.US Citizen or legally authorized to work in United States.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $80,000.00 /yearJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $80,000.00 /yearExperience:similiar: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manager Electrical Engineering 3 - GBSD - Redondo Beach, CA 90278
Requirements List (CDRL) Delivery: Creation and delivery of a government owned facility test plan
Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in a STEM major, and 7 years of experience in technical leadership or engineering
Active DoD Secret Clearance (with a completed investigation within the last 5 years)
Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Top Secret Clearance

Preferred Qualifications:

Managing a medium sized team (20 employees) of mixed engineering disciplines (Electrical, Aerospace, Computer Science & Computer Engineering)
Project planning: Integrated Master Scheduling (IMS), Earned Value Management System (EVMS), staffing, etc.
Communicating at a high-level with senior management
Lab Management or System Test Experience


Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Principal Electrical Engineering / Hardware Lead - Boston, MA
Requirements for the Principal Electrical Engineer8-12 years of work experience in active implantable devices including neurostimulators, pacemakers, or defibrillatorsMaster’s degree in electrical engineering (or BS with equivalent experience)Excellent oral communication and ability to interact with sponsors and third-partiesIdeal candidates would have knowledge of ISO 14708, Design Controls and ISO 13485 requirements as they pertain to this positionExtensive experience with analog and digital board designAbility to work within a fast-paced start-up environmentAbility to develop medical-grade analog circuit boards and embedded firmwareFamiliar with PCB manufacturing and standardsAbility to define technical requirements, perform hazard analysis, and generate SOPsFamiliarity with micro-controllers: CC2640, CC2650, MSP430, STM32Computer skills: Altium, LabVIEW, MATLAB, Python, Microsoft Office,Programming: Python, MATLAB, C, C++Requirements Tracking Software: Perforce ALM, TestTrackBenefits for the Principal Electrical EngineerHealth, DentalPTOFloating HolidaysStock OptionsPublic transportation via MBTA Red-LinePosition Available January 1, 2019.Please submit your COVER LETTER and RESUMEJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $100,000.00 to $140,000.00 /yearEducation:Master's (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Revit - Los Angeles, CA
Requirements: This position requires AUTOCAD proficiency to prepare 2 and 3D drawings.Minimum 5 years of experience in design of electrical power, lighting, fire alarm system.Strong REVIT and CAD skills. Minimum of a BS degree in electrical engineering2-5 years’ experiencePE license is a plus but not requiredJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $70,000.00 to $95,000.00 /yearExperience:Electrical Engineering: 4 years (Required)Revit: 2 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Los Angeles, CA (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Software Engineer - Van Nuys, CA
Requirements include:At least 4 years of previous IT experienceKnowledge of JAVA, C++ and PythonWorking knowledge of electrical testing equipment, which include Oscillioscopes and MeggarsMust be able to take and pass a background checkMust have at least 6 months of recent working history, preferably in either IT or Electrical Engineering.If you are interested, please apply. Once you do so, please contact Max Malik at Exact Staff to set up an interview. The number is 818-348-1100. Thank you.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $84,000.00 to $95,000.00 /yearExperience:IT: 3 years (Required)Electrical Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer, Coast Guard - Washington, DC 20523
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering or Marine Engineering
Active Secret clearance
At least 5+ years of engineering experience in:
Electrical propulsion systems
Machinery control systems
Power generation and distribution systems or interior communications systems
<h3 class="jobSectionHeader">EOE M/F/Disability/Veterans</h3>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Product Engineering Manager - Phoenix, AZ 85034
Requirements: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>A-29 Electrical Engineer - Dayton, OH
Requirements from TAAC-Air
Qualifications

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education/Experience:

A Bachelor's degree (Engineering) and 8-10 years of Electrical Engineering experience is required.
An active SECRET clearance is required.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

An understanding of Air Force platforms and weapons systems; expertise in communication/navigation, avionics integration, and software development integration.
Ability to perform technical assessments to support Air Force airworthiness requirements and assessments (Airworthiness Determination forms, Certification Basis, Compliance Reports).

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience working in AFLCMC (or predecessor organization) program offices
APDP Certification (SPRDE)


WHO WE ARE:
KBRwyle is KBR’s global government services organization. We deliver mission critical, full life cycle services that improve military readiness, drive innovation, and help ensure mission success. Since WWII, we have led many of the federal government’s most important programs in the areas of defense, space and technology. Today, our employees are solving some of the world’s most challenging problems and inspiring the future. KBRwyle core capabilities include engineering, engineering, operations, logistics, science, program and acquisition management, IT, cyber and security services.

Learn more about KBRwyle by visiting www.kbrwyle.com.


<i>KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.</i>

Job Electrical
Primary LocationUS-US-OH-Dayton

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineering Manager I - Austin, TX 78769
Requirements

+ Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering

+ 10+ years of electrical engineering experience in the industrial sector (power and/or petrochemical)

+ Professional Engineer (PE) License

+ Demonstrated experience in mentoring and supervising junior staff.

+ Basic knowledge of industry standard computer software such as ETAP

+ Strong Microsoft Office skills, including Excel, Word, and Outlook

Preferred Qualifications

+ 15+ years of work experience as a licensed professional engineer

Additional Information:
+ This position does not include sponsorship for United States work authorization.

+ Relocation support is available for this position.

+ Ability to travel up to 5% of the time.

What We Offer

When you join AECOM, you become part of a company that is pioneering the future . Our teams around the world are involved in some of the most cutting-edge and innovative projects and programs of our time, addressing the big challenges of today and shaping the built environment for generations to come. We ensure a workplace that encourages growth, flexibility and creativity, as well as a company culture that champions inclusion, diversity and overall employee well-being through programs supported by company leadership. Our core values define who we are, how we act and what we aspire to, which comes down to not only delivering a better world , but working to “make amazing happen” in each neighborhood, community and city we touch. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - United States
Requirements:</i>
Strong knowledge of codes and related electrical design industry standards.

Able to plan, organize and lead technical projects and teams

15 plus years of experience as an Electrical Engineer

<i>Education Requirements:</i>
BS degree in Electrical Engineering

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Lawrenceville, GA 30043
Requirements
Bachelors Degree Electrical Engineering (or Computer Engineering out of Electrical Engineering department, with hardware elements) required
Analog, Digital and/or Wireless experience a plus
Embedded experience a plus
RF, Bluetooth and/or Magnetic Resonance experience a plus
Job ID8327BR
Relocation Provided
None
Position Type New Grad
State/Region/Province
Georgia
EEO Statement
Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to no discrimination because of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era, or any other legally protected characteristic or activity.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Avionics &amp; Systems Engineer - Englewood, CO 80112
Requirements:A BS Degree (or equivalent experience) in Systems, Aerospace, Mechanical or a related field and relevant experience in applying systems engineering principles to complex aerospace and electrical systemsGeneral understanding of FAA certification under FAR23 or FAR25.3 plus years of demonstrated experience in aerospace avionics, mechanical and systems engineeringTechnical background in avionics and systems engineeringKnowledge of 3D Computer Aided Design Program such as NX (preferred), Inventor Graphics Capitol, Solidworks, Pro/E or CATIA with a focus on Model Based Definition and Top-Down design in context techniquesDemonstrated success in a highly collaborative environmentDemonstrated ability to use MS Office applications (Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, MS Project, etc)Excellent English written and oral communications skillsDesired Qualifications:Proven background in aviation standards, processes and practices.Experience in design, operation and maintenance of small aircraft.Technical background in electrical systems, avionics systems and software developmentExperience with FAA Certification requirements, testing and report writing.Familiarity with FAA and EASA airworthiness and certification processes, including collaboration with DER’s and DAR’s.Knowledge of GD&T per ASME Y14.5 along with tolerance analysis capabilitiesKnowledge of ASME Y14.41 methods for parametric Model Based Definition using NX is desiredOther Considerations:Domestic and international travel up to 20 % may be requiredWork hour flexibility to accommodate international conference calls and business hoursBye Aerospace is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please no phone calls or recruiters.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Aerospace Design: 3 years (Required)Seasonal job:NO

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical and Computer Engineering - Multiple Tenured-Tenure-Track faculty positions - Miami, FL
Requirements</h2>


Criminal Background Check
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
How To Apply</h2>


Prospective Employee
If you have not created a registered account, you will be asked to create a username and password for use of the system. It is recommended that you provide an active/valid e-mail account as that will be the main source of communication regarding your status within the process.<i>
In order to be considered eligible for the position as an internal candidate, departmental staff must meet minimum requirements of the position, be in good performance standing, and have been continuously employed at the University for at least six months.</i>
Before you begin the process, we recommend that you are prepared to attach electronic copies of your resume, cover letter or any other documents within the application process. It is recommended that you combine your cover letter and resume/curriculum vitae into one attachment. Attached documents should be in Microsoft Word or PDF format. All applicants are required to complete the online application including work history and educational details (if applicable), even when attaching a resume.<h2 class="jobSectionHeader">
Disclosures</h2>


Clery Notice
In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act, the University Police department at Florida International University provides information on crimes statistics, crime prevention, law enforcement, crime reporting, and other related issues for the past three (3) calendar years. The FIU Annual Security report is available online at: https://police.fiu.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/54/2016/04/Campus_Security_Report__Safety_Guide.pdf.

To obtain a paper copy of the report, please visit the FIU Police Department located at 885 SW 109th Avenue, Miami, FL, 33199 (PG5 Market Station).
Pay Transparency
Florida International University will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.<i>
FIU is a member of the State University System of Florida and an Equal Opportunity, Equal Access Affirmative Action Employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Principal Electrical Engineering / Hardware Lead - Boston, MA
Requirements for the Principal Electrical Engineer8-12 years of work experience in active implantable devices including neurostimulators, pacemakers, or defibrillatorsMaster’s degree in electrical engineering (or BS with equivalent experience)Excellent oral communication and ability to interact with sponsors and third-partiesIdeal candidates would have knowledge of ISO 14708, Design Controls and ISO 13485 requirements as they pertain to this positionExtensive experience with analog and digital board designAbility to work within a fast-paced start-up environmentAbility to develop medical-grade analog circuit boards and embedded firmwareFamiliar with PCB manufacturing and standardsAbility to define technical requirements, perform hazard analysis, and generate SOPsFamiliarity with micro-controllers: CC2640, CC2650, MSP430, STM32Computer skills: Altium, LabVIEW, MATLAB, Python, Microsoft Office,Programming: Python, MATLAB, C, C++Requirements Tracking Software: Perforce ALM, TestTrackBenefits for the Principal Electrical EngineerHealth, DentalPTOFloating HolidaysStock OptionsPublic transportation via MBTA Red-LinePosition Available January 1, 2019.Please submit your COVER LETTER and RESUMEJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $100,000.00 to $140,000.00 /yearEducation:Master's (Preferred)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Instrumentation and Controls Engineer - Richmond, KY 40476
Requirements:

BGCAPP is subject to the Army Regulations (AR 50-6 Chemical Surety and AR 190-59 Chemical Agent Security Program) which govern persons performing work under the Chemical Personnel Reliability Program (CPRP) and Unescorted Access Program (UAP). Depending on the work performed and the access granted a government security investigation and other physical requirements may be mandated. Eligibility to be placed in a CPRP or UAP position requires US citizenship and the ability to successfully complete a National Agency Check with Local Credit Check. (NACLC).

BGCAPP is a Drug Free Workplace. All employees are subject to and agree to random drug and alcohol testing as a condition of continued employment for the duration of their assignment.

This position may also require use of PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) and personnel must pass a respirator fit test and pulmonary function test.

Lifting/Carrying: Occasionally, up to 50 lbs. Climbing: Occasionally. Bending/Kneeling: Occasionally. Sitting: Infrequent. Walking/Standing: Frequently. Hearing: Able to hear audible alarms. Vision: Able to see/read/understand warning lights/signs.

Ability to obtain and maintain Blue Grass Army Depot (BGAD) site access is required. Access requirements include completion of a local records check and National Crime Information Center (NCIC) check.

BGCAPP operates on a 24/7 schedule including weekends and holidays. Ability to work a flexible schedule may be required.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (Wireless Chargers, USB Port) - Auburn Hills, MI
Requirements: Minimum of 5 years of RE experience with a Tier 1 Automotive CompanyHigh proficiency in Automotive processes and standardsDetailed understanding of Automotive OEM standards as they apply to product offerings in vehiclesProficient with MS Office applicationsProject Coordination SkillsProduct Development Life Cycle ManagementKnowledge of Vehicle Development CycleAbility to multi-task and coordinate multiple “Live” programsSystems integration knowledgeAbility to communicate effectively with customer and teamsBachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or related Engineering discipline and/or sufficient years of experienceJob Type: ContractEducation:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer - Apex, NC
Requirements

Qualified individuals will have the following minimum requirements:

BS in Electrical Engineering

5+ years of relevant experience

Ability to use schematic capture tools

Solid understanding of the operation of data acquisition fundamentals (for example plug-in data acquisition cards, RS232, GPIB, PXI devices and signal conditioning of various sensors)

Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills to include using a multimeter, oscilloscope, and soldering iron

Willingness to contribute ideas and work closely with Software Engineering and Fabrication staff

Strong desire to learn and expand knowledge and skills

Ability to multi-task and take initiative

Solid written and verbal communication skills

The following additional skills and experience are a plus:
Fixture design skills

Familiarity using National Instruments hardware and LabView software

Candidates should be enthusiastic and self-motivated with an interest in real computer applications and must be able to interact well with clients during all phases of the system integration process.

G2 offers a comprehensive benefits package including Medical & Dental insurance, a 401K, paid personal time off, paid holidays and a quarterly bonus plan.

Job Features

Job Category Full time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Technical Analyst L1 - Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
Requirements Center
Support the review of collection priorities submitted by the Analysis and Production organization

Minimum Requirements:

Seven (7) or more years of professional experience supporting a military and/or government cryptologic mission. Professional experience may include mission support as a military or government language or signals analyst as it relates to acquiring, identifying, processing, and reporting on electromagnetic emissions.
Understanding of Radio Frequency or SIGINT systems
Familiarity with modern wireless communications signals
Geolocation or Groundbased systems
Active TS/SCI with Polygraph is required

Preferred Special Qualifications:
<i>
Benefits:</i>

<i>Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance</i>
<i>Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA)</i>
<i>401(k) Matching Program</i>
<i>10 Paid Holidays and PTO</i>
<i>Short-Term Disability and Long-Term Disability paid for by MOSAIC</i>
<i>Term Life Insurance</i>
<i>Training and Career Development Reimbursement Opportunities</i>
<i>Referral Incentive Program</i>

At MOSAIC Technologies Group each team member is a key player. MOSAIC provides consulting and technical services to Government and commercial clients in the areas of management, mission and technology. We know the value of our talent, and we work to provide challenging opportunities for each member that will cultivate careers as well as develop people. Our familial environment, competitive salary and benefits are a few of the ways that we take care of our people. If you believe in supporting your community, growing your career and working with committed colleagues then join us. MOSAIC wants you in the family.
Accessibility: If you need an accommodation to complete an application as part of the employment process, please contact us at 301-925-0925.













MOSAIC is an EEO/Affirmative action employer and is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Power Electronics Engineer - San Francisco Bay Area, CA
Requirements.
Create the System Design.
Conduct Development work.
Integrate and Test proto-types.
Direct the production and installation of power conversion equipment.
Support Operations and Maintenance of the system.
Collaborate across diverse technical fields (accelerator physics, magnet design, controls, facilities engineering) to develop specifications for high stability power supplies.
Develop circuit models to simulate power supply performance.
Participate in the design of and maintain power supply test stands, and develop test procedures including tuning of PID control loops.
Analyze power supply reliability and develop maintenance procedures based on MTBF for power electronics and associated hardware.
Work with technicians under minimal supervision to test power supplies for stability, reliability, and efficiency.
Participate in design reviews for the ALS, ALS-U and other projects.
Present periodic progress/status reports on the power supply effort.
Responsible for occasional 24/7 support, troubleshoot power electronics and power conversion circuits working with the Electronics Maintenance Technicians to diagnose and repair errant equipment.
Provide and maintain documentation of power electronics equipment.
Develop cost and schedule estimates for power electronics projects.
May have occasional foreign and domestic travel to attend reviews, visit vendors and attend conferences and workshops.
Additional Responsibilities as needed:
May work with other scientists and engineers to review and solve technical issues.
Design of power supply cable plants, power distribution, cooling and controls systems (including safety interlocks and programming of PLCs) to integrate a large number of power supplies with other complex equipment.D
Design of highly stable and reliable unipolar and bipolar power supplies.
Analysis, design, and troubleshooting of pulsed power systems including those based on solid state and/or thyratron switching.
Design of pulsed magnetics, including finite element analysis.
Participate in developing electrical safety procedures for high voltage, current and/or energy devices.
What is Required:
BSEE and a minimum of 5-year experience in power electronics, power supply or pulsed power R&D or design.
Demonstrated strong technical understanding and experience in power conversion engineering and has provided creative solutions to a range of issues.
Demonstrated strong technical understanding and knowledge base with the following technical areas:
High voltage, high current and high-frequency switching
Analog, logic and mixed-signal circuit design, analysis and simulation using SPICE, Simplorer, Saber, or similar.
Characteristics of and circuit design using power electronics devices including BJTs, MOSFETS, and IGBTs.
Integration of equipment into highly complex systems.
Single phase and poly-phase AC circuits and power distribution.
Communication and control theory, and PID controllers.
Knowledge of electrical codes and electrical safety such as NEC, LOTO and NFPA 70E.
Good written and oral communications skill and use of standard Office products such as Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Project.
Demonstrated ability to make technical decisions, solves difficult problems, and interacts effectively within a diverse team.
CAD tools for schematic capture such as Orcad or Mentor Graphics and mechanical design such as AutoCAD or other 2D and solid modeling tools.
Desired Qualifications:
MSEE (preferred) and a minimum of 3 year experience with an emphasis on power electronics, power supplies or pulsed power R&D or design.
Electromagnetics design of inductors, high-frequency transformers, and high voltage/current/ frequency structures.
Electromagnetics analysis using FEA codes such as MAXWELL, OPERA or similar.
Thermal analysis and design, and the use of FEA codes.
Experience with vacuum tubes and thyratrons.
Systems control using PLCs, PXI or similar.
PCB layout and design.
Familiarity with particle accelerators.
Experience with the EPICS (Experimental Physics and Industrial Control System) toolkit is a plus.
Programming skills such as MATLAB, FPGA languages, C/C++, visual basic is a plus.
The posting shall remain open until the position is filled.
Notes:
This is a full time, 2 year, term appointment with the possibility of extension or conversion to Career appointment based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs.
Full-time, M-F, exempt (monthly paid) from overtime pay.
Salary is commensurate with experience.
This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment.
Work will be primarily performed at: Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA.
Learn About Us:
Working at Berkeley Lab has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab- Click Here.
Berkeley Lab (LBNL) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science.
Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law."

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Applications Engineering Intern - Greensboro, NC 27409
Requirements

The successful candidate will have the following characteristics:

Completed first year of coursework.

Completed, or scheduled to take, courses focusing on RF and Microwave design, antennas, electromagnetic propagation, radar, software defined radio, or digital signal processing.

Experience with Eagleware, Altium, Orcad, Cadence, Mentor, LTSpice, Matlab, Genesys or ADS a plus.

Experience with high frequency spectrum analyzers, signal generators, network analyzers and oscilloscopes a plus.

Strong lab and characterization skills relating to electronic components

Solid communication and presentation skills

Robust analytical and problem solving skills

This position requires exposure to information which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). As such , all candidates must be a US Person at time of application.

For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.

Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law

Education Level : Bachelor's Degree
Travel Required : No

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical/Radio Frequency Engineer - Mid - Lexington Park, MD 20653
Requirements

+ Possess an engineering degree from an accredited university or college

+ 6+ years’ experience with applying the principles of the performance of the Radio Frequency Engineering analysis

+ Requires Secret clearance; Preferred: TS (SCI eligible

+ Must be US Citizen

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of the either the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) system certification process

Knowledge of any of the following softwares: Spectrum Certification System (SCS), Equipment Location Certification Information database (EL-CID), Spectrum XXI, Host Nation Spectrum Worldwide Database Online (HNSWDO), or Stepstone

Experience with Identify Friend or Foe (IFF) equipment or standards

World Radio Conference Support

Development of Spectrum related standards and policies

What We Offer

AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow.

AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster.

_NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: _

_Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>RF Engineer (Entry Level) - Syracuse, NY
Requirements:
Bachelor's or master's degree in electrical engineering or computer engineering
A minimum grade point average of 3.3
Working knowledge of fundamental circuits and electrical schematics
Enthusiasm for working with and building analog/RF hardware
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
A naturally inquisitive nature for how things work
Hands on experience with tools, test equipment, and circuit prototyping would be beneficial
Coursework in electromagnetics, antennas and microwave design, or DC power systems would be helpful
Experience with engineering design software is a plus (Sonnet, HFSS, ADS)
Security Clearance Requirements


Must be a U.S. citizen. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

As an EEO/AA employer, the Company does not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant or employee’s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, veteran or disability status, or any other basis protected by federal law. In addition, the Company complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the Company has facilities and employees.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>RF Engineer - Solon, OH
Requirements:

Possible negligible travel as assigned by Manager or Director.
Frequent sitting, walking, standing
Laboratory duties



 ----------------------------- 

<title>(Electrical Engineer) R&amp;D Engineer 1 - Los Alamos, NM
Requirements:
Knowledge through either coursework and advanced studies, or previous experience in 1 or more of the following areas:
Detonator Firing Systems (design, qualification, hardening, or troubleshooting)
Software design applicable to system control
Pulse Power research, design, application
Analog Design
Development and implementation of advanced diagnostic techniques associated with detonator firing systems and detonators
Time and frequency domain acquisition (oscilloscopes, network analyzer, signal generators, spectrum analyzer, TDR) and analysis techniques.
Demonstrated knowledge of LabVIEW and National Instrument hardware (primarily cRIO and sbRIO components)
Knowledge of and experience in design & analysis tools, such as simulation tools, electromagnetic design tools, schematic capture, printed circuit board layout and signal integrity analysis tools.
Experience in and knowledge of data analysis tools, such as Matlab and LabVIEW.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team with emphasis on self-initiative and technical leadership to develop high quality and proven solutions for customer needs.
Excellent oral, written and presentation communication skills. Demonstrated successful experience working in an integrated team environment.
Ability to read and interpret electrical engineering design drawings and effectively apply fundamental problem analysis skills.
Knowledge of, and experience with, quality requirements
Desired Skills:
Experience with the following:
analog circuit design
high voltage switch trigger design
multipoint initiation systems
processing and analysis of experimental data sets
error analysis of diagnostics
detonator modeling in particular electrical modeling of detonator bridges
debugging & troubleshooting circuits/prototypes, including fault analysis
high voltage safety
modeling of pulse discharge components in particular nonlinear dependencies upon voltage, current, action, frequency, etc.
spark gaps, surface discharge switches and/or pulse power semiconductor switches
high voltage capacitors
electromagnetic design (cavities, transmission lines, waveguides)
Experience modeling with SPICE for circuits and electromagnetic field simulation software
Experience designing high current/high voltage pulse discharge circuits
Experience in system miniaturization, e.g. MEMS
Experience utilizing and/or developing signal-processing techniques of dynamical systems.
Knowledge of the NNSA Enterprise design laboratory and plant interactions and operations.
Demonstrated experience in secure work environment or working with sensitive or classified information
Understanding and/or experience with LANL Weapons Quality Assurance Program and Engineering Authorization System
Knowledge/experience of software quality assurance and source code configuration management practices.
Active Q clearance.
Education: A minimum of a BS in engineering from an Accreditation Board or Engineering and Technology (ABET) college or university program is required; advanced degree is strongly preferred.
Work Environment: Outdoors, domestic/foreign travel.
Notes to Applicants: For full consideration, applicants must submit a comprehensive cover letter that addresses the key requirements of the position.
Additional Details:
Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.

Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.

New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.

Regular position: Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.

Internal Applicants: Please refer to Laboratory policy P701 for applicant eligibility.
Equal Opportunity: Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.
<h2 class="jobSectionHeader"><i>Where You Will Work</i></h2>
Located in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.
The Detonator Technology Group (Q-6) is the design authority for detonator designs, high-explosive initiation system research and development, advanced detonator diagnostic development, detonator qualification testing, and associated surety and surveillance activities. Q-6 operates and maintains explosives and electronic test laboratories and focuses on ensuring programmatic and operational excellence throughout the organization.
Appointment TypeRegular Regular Minimum Salary80100 Maximum Salary131000

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Director, BSA Engineering - Richardson, TX 75082
Requirements (Educational/Skill set)
Bachelors of Science in Electromagnetics or related field with 10+ years of direct experience. Advanced degree preferred.
Experience designing MIMO array, phased array, and/or beamforming antenna arrays based upon cross-polar elements configurations. Must have experience working at sub-6GHz frequencies through direct involvement in 4G/5G telecom networks
Must have direct experience providing RF technical and managerial leadership.
Must have experience using simulation tools such as CST and/or HFSS.
Must possess firsthand knowledge of testing antennas and arrays in anechoic chambers as well as making Near-Field and Far-Field measurements to verify critical Antenna parameters such as gain, cross-pol isolation, sidelobes etc.
Deep hands on experience measuring PIM on Base Station Antenna arrays
Experience in directly interfacing with customers to understand requirements and present technical solutions.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to lead problem-solving teams
Proficient with Microsoft Office tools.
It is the policy of CommScope to provide Equal Employment Opportunities to all individuals based on merit, qualifications and abilities. CommScope does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, gender (including pregnancy), national origin, age or any other characteristics as protected by law. Furthermore, this contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals with disabilities.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical / Radio Frequency Engineer - Lexington Park, MD - Lexington Park, MD
Requirements
Possess an engineering degree from an accredited university or college

6+ years’ experience with applying the principles of the performance of the Radio Frequency Engineering analysis

Must be US Citizen

Position requires an active Secret Security Clearance.

Preferred Qualifications
TS (SCI eligible)
Knowledge of the either the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) system certification process

Knowledge of any of the following softwares: Spectrum Certification System (SCS), Equipment Location Certification Information database (EL-CID), Spectrum XXI, Host Nation Spectrum Worldwide Database Online (HNSWDO), or Stepstone

Experience with Identify Friend or Foe (IFF) equipment or standards

World Radio Conference Support

Development of Spectrum related standards and policies

<i>Opportunities with RCS change daily. For a complete listing of our current openings, please visit our website at </i><i>www.rcs.jobs</i><i>.</i>
<i>RCS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. RCS provides equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex (including gender identity and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, veteran or marital status.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Autonomous Systems Engineer - Massachusetts
Requirements:
BS in Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or other technical field coupled with the ability to apply talents to new fields at both the technically detailed and big picture levels is required.
Demonstrated excellence in communication skills and the ability to convey technical concepts in a clear, concise manner to a wide spectrum of audiences is required.

Desired Skills:
Hands-on experience developing autonomous unmanned systems
Coursework in modern feedback control and state estimation
Strong programming skills in ROS, Python, and C/C++
Familiarity with image processing algorithms including machine learning approaches
Experience with real time software and real time operating systems
Requisition ID: 25424
For Benefits Information, click http://hrweb.mit.edu/benefits
MIT Lincoln Laboratory is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or genetic information;
U.S. citizenship is required.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Application Sales Engineer - Texas
Requirements:
Bachelor Degree or equivalent experience.
A minimum of 2 years’ experience in technical sales or applications support is required Strong interpersonal skills and a basic understanding of the sales process.
Technical aptitude to understand the principles of the electromagnetic spectrum and sensor instrumentation.
Strong communication skills along with demonstrated ability to effectively present technical topics to large audiences is a must.
The ability to acquire, evaluate, and analyze information from a wide variety of sources.
Must be willing to travel up to 50%.
The ability to prepare presentation materials in PowerPoint with minimal support is required.
B.S. degree in an engineering discipline or physics would be a plus.
Experience in selling to or supporting customers in both government and commercial markets.
Experience in sensor and instrumentation platforms.

FLIR Core Values:
<i>Be Brave: We do the right thing, even when it’s hard and when no one is watching, to the benefit of our customers, employees, and shareholders. We pride ourselves on Integrity.
</i><i>Be Ready: We are nimble and move decisively, at the Speed of heat, to embrace better ways to pursue our mission. We do not shirk in the face of change.
</i><i>Be Bold </i>: We have a pioneering, courageous spirit to Innovate the future. We do not fear the unknown and will blaze new trails in order to save lives and livelihoods.
<i>Be Ambitious: </i>We are results-driven, passionate about Winning , and strive to exceed customer expectations each and every day. We collaborate and treat one another with respect as we pursue success.

FLIR and all of our employees are committed to conducting business with the highest ethical standards. We require all employees to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders. Our reputation for honesty, integrity and high ethics is as important to us as our reputation for making innovative sensing solutions.

FLIR is an equal opportunity employer.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Principal Systems Engineer - Albuquerque, NM
Requirements:
<i>This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens.</i>
128022
Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. / Staff Engineer, mm-wave IC design - San Diego, CA
Requirements
4+ years of experience in millimeter-wave/RF IC design in SiGe and CMOS.
Extensive experience in mm-wave amplifiers, up/down converters, frequency multipliers and phase shifters.
Solid understanding of RF circuits design fundamentals and RF communication architectures.
Strong fundamentals in electromagnetics theory and communication systems.
Experience in EM simulations both for on-chip and package parts.
Good communication skills and effective team work.

Our offer IDT knows that talented employees are distinguished in all aspects of life. Our goal is to create an environment where you can grow both personally and professionally. In the fast-moving, ever-changing semiconductor market, the next big idea can go out of you and with IDT you have the possibility to implement it. We give you the tools, support and resources to put great ideas together into successful products.
 IDT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
#LI-DNP

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electrical Engineer (Intern) Summer 2019 - Syracuse, NY
Requirements:
Two years of college with a degree focused in electrical or computer engineering
A minimum grade point average of 3.3
Strong teamwork, interpersonal and communication skills
Preferred Requirements
Coursework and/or experience with signal processing, electromagnetics, digital design or radio frequency design
Experience with MATLAB
Security Clearance Requirements
Must be a U.S. citizen. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

As an EEO/AA employer, the Company does not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant or employee’s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, veteran or disability status, or any other basis protected by federal law. In addition, the Company complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the Company has facilities and employees.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Electromagnetic Protection Specialist - Fort Belvoir, VA
Requirements:
MS/PhD degree in Physics or Electrical Engineering.
Experience working as a Licensed Professional Engineer.
Experience conducting vulnerability-based assessments
Willingness to travel.
Prior military operational experience desirable in high-threat environment.

CENTRA Technology, Inc. provides analytic services and systems engineering to US Government and commercial customers. We have offices in Burlington, MA and Arlington, VA. EOE/Veterans/Disabled.

CENTRA offers a full range of benefits, including competitive salary, comprehensive health plan including dental coverage, company-paid life & disability insurance policies, 401(k) plan with company match and profit-sharing, ESOP, incentive bonuses, and a generous educational reimbursement program.

Interested candidates should send a resume to recruiter@centratechnology.com. Please reference job code 8-EPS-25-16 in the subject line.

#CJPost

Interested candidates should apply using the button below.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Avionics System Engineer - PR 1306 - Tinker AFB, OK
Requirements Document; System Specification; RFPs; System Engineering Plan (SEP); Capability Assessment Reference Database; Systems Engineering Tradeoff Analysis; Acquisition Strategy Plan; Corrosion Control Plan; Software Development Plan (SDP); Reliability Management Plan; Human Engineering Plan; RMP; Obsolescence Management Plan; Test and Evaluation Master Plan (TEMP); Program Environment, Safety, and Occupational Health Evaluation; ISP; Program Protection Plan (PPP); Technology Assessment/Control Plan (TA/CP); Cybersecurity Plan; Security Authorization Package documentation (System Security Profile (SSP); Plan of Action and Milestone; Security Assessment Plan; Security Classification Guide (SCG); Alternative Live Fire T&E Plan; Clinger-Cohen Act Compliance; Consideration of Technology Issues; Data Management Strategy; Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear (CBRN) Survivability Assessments; Net-Centric Data Strategy; Spectrum Supportability Determination; Technical Data Rights Strategy; Technology Readiness Assessment; Manufacturing Readiness Assessment; ICD; and other program/technical documents as required.
Develops and collects technical data and inputs for staff summary packages and executive briefings to support coordination and signature of all associated documents for milestone approvals.
Supports project team meetings, working groups, and reviews as needed, such as: SRR, System Functional Review, PDR, CDR, TRR, System Verification Review, TCM, TIM, FCA, PCA, PRR, PMR, and other meetings/working groups/reviews as applicable.
Analyzes equipment and software deficiencies, make recommendations for equipment and software deficiency corrections, and develop, integrate, and test equipment and software deficiency solutions.
Assists the government in the engineering evaluation of prime and subcontractor recommendations for operational and support issues such as: evaluations of ACSNs, ECPs, CCPs, Federal Aviation Administration Bulletins, modification proposals, DMSMS, program risk, and related documents.
Supports the development and evaluation of IMP, IMS, and Systems Engineering Detail Schedule engineering cost estimates.
Performs, as required, an advisory role for program source selections on all engineering related requirements.
Supports AFLCMC/WWZ in the performance of disciplined engineering activities to assure Operational Safety Suitability & Effectiveness (OSS&E) for all products.
Follows the Life Cycle Systems Engineering (LCSE) and OSS&E related AFI and all lower level supplements and related documents including applicable OIs.
Assists with establishing, implementing, and adhering to LCSE processes to ensure OSS&E compliance is achieved and maintained.
Aids the Air Force in reviewing and updating the OSS&E Baseline Document and shall support the Air Force in the identification of OSS&E elements, progress reporting of OSS&E metrics, and interaction with other organizations to ensure continued OSS&E compliance.
Ascertains the implementation status of the SEP throughout program operations and notify the Air Force of pertinent shortfalls or gaps for which corrective action may be needed.
Supports the Air Force Integrity Programs, maintain and update the Critical Safety Item list, and monitor Airworthiness Certification for B-2 Division aircraft.
Supports the Air Force in establishing Hardness Maintenance/Hardness Surveillance (HM/HS) per DNA-H-93-140, Military Handbook for Hardness Assurance, Maintenance and Surveillance (HAMS), 1 Feb 1995, and implementing design concepts of AFPAM 91-118 Safety Design and Evaluation Criteria for Nuclear Weapon Systems.
Specifics:
Serves as an Avionics Systems Integration Engineer with particular emphasis in tactical data link systems, position location, display systems, digital interphone systems, and identification capabilities for application to military operations. Supports Aircraft Information Management Systems requirements, testing, certification, and spectrum management requirements, testing, and certification. Applies knowledge of Communication Navigation Surveillance/Air Traffic Management (CNS/ATM) requirements, policies, and regulations to define requirements, complete CNS/ATM compliance matrices, and support testing and certification of aircraft and supporting systems. Communicates with other engineering functionals such as Structures, Crew Systems, Electromagnetic Interference (EMI), Reliability and Maintainability, Manufacturing, System Safety, etc.
Performs development and integration of platform software requirements to include mission planning.
Supports information management assessment and authorization to include development of security controls, test approaches, and risk identification and mitigation to obtain an Interim Authority to Operate or Authority to Operate.
Assists in the interoperability certification process to include coordinating with Air Force Command and Control Integration Center for program clearance into Air Force System Operability Test and Joint Interoperability Test Command testing.
Performs engineering tasks in support of development activities including requirements definition, design, integration, test, and transition to operations. Provides assistance with the Dynamic Object-Oriented Requirements System requirements management.
Applies detailed knowledge of avionics engineering in support of avionics subsystem definition, development, integration, all verification methods to include review of ICD, sustainment, modeling/simulation, T&E, and model based systems engineering. The Contractor shall perform analysis, requirement analyses, and system capacity analysis, investigate alternative solutions and architecture trade-offs, make assessments, support operations concept development, and document results. Reviews and/or develops draft systems engineering documents in support of Milestone reviews and events.
Performs work with other government organizations and the prime contractor and their subcontractors to support technical information exchange and open communication on Security Assessment and Authorization, Frequency Management certification, and Interoperability certification.
Participates in regular team meetings, TIMs, technical reviews, and ICWG meetings. Supports the establishment of entrance and exit criteria, developing agendas, reviewing content, resolving action items, and coordinating the technical review of the results.
Supports hardware/software development and related system ground and flight test activities such as but not limited to: Hardware In-the-Loop, Subsystem Integration Labs, Developmental Test & Evaluation (DT&E), and Initial Operational Test & Evaluation (IOT&E) related activities.
Supports Airworthiness directives and assist in platform approval and certification. The Contractor will utilize current MIL-HDBK-516 (Airworthiness Certification Criteria) to determine applicable requirements, and work with other agencies as required, to achieve a desired level of certification.
Applies knowledge with the requirements identified in Net Ready Key Performance Parameters Memo CJCSI6212.01F, be capable and knowledgeable of technical requirements associated with the preparation of the ISP. This engineering analysis is critical to determining Clinger Cohen Act statutory compliance, by identifying information need, net-centric, interoperability, and supportability issues and assesses conformance to the DoD Chief Information Officer’s stated information policy and goals. Must be capable of exploring the information-related acquisition program needs and the operational and functional capabilities that a program delivers or contributes to the warfighting enterprise. Associated experience is required in documenting, identifying, and resolving potential information support implementation issues and risks that if not properly examined, will limit or restrict the ability of a program to be operationally employed in accordance with the defined capability.
Institutes a collaborative process bridging warfighter (sponsor) identified capability needs (requirements) to planning for the acquisition of materiel solutions which satisfy the need. This support shall include researching program information, providing systems engineering insight, conducting analyses, and briefing preparation.
Manages interfaces and processes with the development planning, technology, intelligence, acquisition, sustainment, and user communities.
Applies knowledge and experience to the scope of enterprise activities which spans requirements/acquisition and sustainment and includes: understanding doctrine, assisting in identifying and defining requirements, developing horizontally integrated acquisition, sustainment, and investment strategies, integration of technologies, integration of intelligence, and development of sustainment strategies. Capability requirements and option sets will be architecture-based to ensure the necessary interoperability and appropriate linkages to other capabilities. The integrated option sets developed may cut across multiple platforms, programs, and phases as well as across multiple enterprises.
Supports development of strategies for crosscutting capability requirements. Assists with initiating, writing, reviewing, developing, implementing documentation activities such as TEMPs, SEPs, RFPs, SOOs, Test Plans, LCMP, Pre-MS A and Pre-MS B documentation, etc. as appropriate.
Supports the identification, assessment, and analysis of the future capability solution sets required to support capability requirements. These activities will be critical subject areas during Program Reviews, IBRs, etc. Reviews systems engineering initiatives brought about by policy changes to buying commercial items (such as acquisition of Non-Destructive Inspection, Commercial Off-The-Shelf items, and FAA certified items) and commercial practices (e.g., Performance Based Business Environment).
Assists in managing capability and systems engineering studies that involve multiple divisions.
Assists in communicating system engineering solutions, risk analysis, and future solutions within the AFLCMC to include programs as well as Major Commands, other enterprises, and the Air Staff.
Assists in transition of programs into and the termination of programs out of the Fighter/Bomber Directorate for use in the field enhancing the warfighters capabilities.
Assists in planning across family of systems and system of systems especially in the development of Capability Manager Strategies, e.g. airborne electronic attack and others.
Develops, improves, and administers technology processes to include Applied Technology Councils, Small Business Innovative Research, and/or other initiatives to identify, assess, and submit proposals to the technology community to pursue further.
Reviews planning documents (e.g., Mission Need Statement, Operational Requirements Document, ICD, CDD, or CPD) for realistic industrial base execution. Promotes the use of MS&A throughout the acquisition lifecycle process and foster the development and maintenance of common use M&SA tools useful to the government/industry.
Assists in integration of intelligence information and infrastructure to ensure cross-enterprise capabilities planning and system acquisition.
Provides a wide range of recommended solution sets for capabilities integration planning. Organizes large and small group briefings for discussions gaining cross Divisional engineering expertise.
Assists in the development and review of the overall system design baseline (architecture and interoperability requirements). Assists with developmental planning support in evaluation of the military mission to be accomplished and any related requirements documentation. Reviews and analyzes proposals, including regulatory and other policy driver changes or proposed modifications for design feasibility and system compatibility. Supports the core engineering tasks as they relate to system design engineering. Establishes and maintains effective professional working relationships with co-workers, and customers.
Follows policies and procedures as described in corporate manuals and directives.
Attends work each day during scheduled work hours unless on approved travel or time off.
Performs occasional travel to contractor and customer sites, as required (see WORKING CONDITIONS below).
Works flexible hours, including occasional overtime.
Carry’s out other duties as may be assigned or requested.
Submits monthly status reports and other information as requested
Complies with requirements of the contract’s Visitor Group Security Agreement (VGSA).
Prepares CDRL inputs including the Task Order’s Monthly Status Report.
Completes required Government and PESystems training and certifications.
WORKING CONDITIONS
Perform occasional travel to contractor and customer sites, as required.
Work is performed indoors with some potential risks to safety and health hazards related to electronics.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Education/Certifications/Experience/Skills:

A Senior labor category shall have a minimum of 15 years of experience and an ABET accredited Bachelor’s degree in engineering. A Senior labor category typically works on high-visibility or mission critical aspects of a given program and performs all functional duties independently. A Senior labor category may oversee the efforts of less senior staff and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.
Must obtain and maintain a government security clearance at the required level.
Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Applications (Outlook, Word, Excel) and other standard (Customer specified) applications.
Must be able to transport self to various facility sites, as required. If using own motor vehicle, must possess a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance.
Physical Skills and Abilities:
May require lifting up to 25 pounds.
Requires visual acuity to use a keyboard and monitor.

PESystems Inc., is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for Employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identify, genetic information, marital status and disability (including physical or mental disability as well as pregnancy) veteran status or any other status protected by Federal State or local law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Application Sales Engineer - Texas
Requirements:
Bachelor Degree or equivalent experience.
A minimum of 2 years’ experience in technical sales or applications support is required Strong interpersonal skills and a basic understanding of the sales process.
Technical aptitude to understand the principles of the electromagnetic spectrum and sensor instrumentation.
Strong communication skills along with demonstrated ability to effectively present technical topics to large audiences is a must.
The ability to acquire, evaluate, and analyze information from a wide variety of sources.
Must be willing to travel up to 50%.
The ability to prepare presentation materials in PowerPoint with minimal support is required.
B.S. degree in an engineering discipline or physics would be a plus.
Experience in selling to or supporting customers in both government and commercial markets.
Experience in sensor and instrumentation platforms.

FLIR Core Values:
<i>Be Brave: We do the right thing, even when it’s hard and when no one is watching, to the benefit of our customers, employees, and shareholders. We pride ourselves on Integrity.
</i><i>Be Ready: We are nimble and move decisively, at the Speed of heat, to embrace better ways to pursue our mission. We do not shirk in the face of change.
</i><i>Be Bold </i>: We have a pioneering, courageous spirit to Innovate the future. We do not fear the unknown and will blaze new trails in order to save lives and livelihoods.
<i>Be Ambitious: </i>We are results-driven, passionate about Winning , and strive to exceed customer expectations each and every day. We collaborate and treat one another with respect as we pursue success.

FLIR and all of our employees are committed to conducting business with the highest ethical standards. We require all employees to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders. Our reputation for honesty, integrity and high ethics is as important to us as our reputation for making innovative sensing solutions.

FLIR is an equal opportunity employer.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Product Engineer (Reliability) - Greensboro, NC 27409
Requirements: Master's degree (or foreign educational equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or relevant technical discipline such as Electronics or Computer Engineering, plus two years experience, gained at any time, involving: performing, analyzing, and debugging RF measurements and signal processing to resolve complex RF and transceiver system issues; performing circuit evaluation and characterization using bench test equipment including spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, oscilloscopes, BERT (Bit Error Rate Tester), function generators, pattern generators, logic analyzers and digital multimeters; developing LabVIEW code and TestStand scripts to automate tests for RFIC transceiver evaluation and debugging to improve reliability and repeatability; high speed PCB designing including Signal Integrity (SI), analog noise and EM (electromagnetic) coupling reduction techniques; performing thermal and electrical tests of IC package solutions; managing the characterization process of RFIC development projects; programming in C++ and Visual Basic to evaluate the GUI; and, automating RFIC performance tests in a Linux environment using Perl and Python.<i>For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.</i>Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/DisabilityEEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the LawEducation Level: Master's Degree<br/>Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the TimeJob Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Product Test Engineer - Greensboro, NC 27409
Requirements: Master's degree (or foreign educational equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or relevant technical discipline such as Electronics or Computer Engineering, plus two years experience, gained at any time, involving: performing, analyzing, and debugging RF measurements and signal processing to resolve complex RF and transceiver system issues; performing circuit evaluation and characterization using bench test equipment including spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, oscilloscopes, BERT (Bit Error Rate Tester), function generators, pattern generators, logic analyzers and digital multimeters; developing LabVIEW code and TestStand scripts to automate tests for RFIC transceiver evaluation and debugging to improve reliability and repeatability; high speed PCB designing including Signal Integrity (SI), analog noise and EM (electromagnetic) coupling reduction techniques; performing thermal and electrical tests of IC package solutions; managing the characterization process of RFIC development projects; programming in C++ and Visual Basic to evaluate the GUI; and, automating RFIC performance tests in a Linux environment using Perl and Python.

#LI-NS1

For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.

Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law

Education Level : Master's Degree
Travel Required : Yes, 10% of the Time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Electrical Design Engineer - San Diego, CA
Requirements:
Essential Functions/Responsibilities:
Innovate new technologies and methodologies in advanced power processing and controls.Develop high-level product architectures, power converter topologies, and analog/digital controls infrastructure.Provide technical expertise in the areas of power conversion, magnetics, analog/digital controls, modeling and simulation. Design power converters, interface circuits, and controls, at the system and circuit level, as utilized in high-performance programmable AC and DC power products.Participate with project teams throughout the development cycle in the design, documentation, and release of new products. Provide technical leadership to coordinate work of other engineers/designers in associated disciplines: mechanical packaging, thermal design, PWB design, digital hardware and firmware design.Oversee fabrication, troubleshooting, and verification testing of prototypes throughout the development cycle. Generate test plans, procedures, and summary reports for product validation testing, including compliance with regulatory agency standards.Participate in structured, cross-functional product development projects, working within constraints of program schedule, budget, and goals, and ensuring appropriate balance of product reliability, specification performance, and cost.
Knowledge, Skills and Experiences:
BSEE, MSEE preferred, with a minimum of 7 years of experience relevant to the design of power conversion products.Proficiency in design of high-frequency, switched-mode power conversion; strong skills in soft-switching and resonant topologies are preferred.Proficiency in design of analog circuits, having high accuracy and stability, using analytically based design methodologies.Proficiency in feedback control theory, with the ability to correlate product performance requirements with feedback control loop implementation.Proficiency in magnetic design: materials selection, core/winding optimization, thermal design, modeling, and practical manufacturing techniques.Competency in high-frequency design techniques for signal integrity, PWB layout, system interface, and EMI control.Competency in the utilization of computer software (MatLab, Simulink, PSpice, Mathcad, Excel) in the design process of power and control circuits for schematic capture, modeling and simulation, mathematical analysis, and data manipulation.Competency in design of electronic assemblies: components packaging, environmental constraints, and design for manufacturability, testability, and serviceability.Experienced in digital hardware design as applied to power conversion, including ADC/DAC signal conversion, microcontrollers and programmable logic devices, and high-speed digital communications.Knowledgeable of design requirements for compliance with domestic and international standards for safety and electromagnetic compatibility.Knowledgeable of real-time, embedded digital control systems is preferred: digital control techniques for power conversion based on DSPs and FPGAs, firmware-implemented control algorithms, high-speed data acquisition, instrumentation buses and protocols for communications, control, and programming.Good interpersonal skills, written and oral communication skills, and the ability to work cooperatively in a team environment.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Developer IV - McLean, VA 22102
Requirements/Qualifications:

Education and Certifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent Degree

Knowledge and Experience

Must be US Citizen
Minimum 7 years software development experience
Minimum 4 years experience developing software applications using an Agile development framework
Experience with a .NET-compatible language such as C#
Experience with Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations (XSLT) and Extensible Markup Language (XML) or alternatives
Experience with automated testing
Experience with CI/CD pipelines
Desired Experience

DoD SECRET clearance is preferred (and may become a requirement)
Experience with development environments using multiple processor cores on the client and, when hosted on the Server Infrastructure, support massively parallel operations across cores, processors and servers in hardware-based and virtual/cloud-based environments is desired
Experience with Public Key Encryption (PKI) authentication and username-password authentication is preferred
Experience with spectrum (radio frequency) management systems (commercial, government or DOD) is a plus
Experience with Earned Value Management systems for cost and schedule compliance and reporting is a plus
DOD software development experience is a plus
Software modernization experience is a plus
<i>ValidaTek is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Automotive Antenna Design Engineer - Troy, MI
Requirements:

Antenna development for automotive, cellular and wireless technologies
Personal computer skills such as MICROSOFT OFFICE and relational database.Excellent communication skillsAbility to work well in a Team environmentEffectively present information and respond to questions from groupsAbility to work with management to establish project Milestones, but otherwise executes project plan with little supervision required.Ability to work toward defined objectives with little direct supervisionDemonstrated understanding of new product development processes and work flowWorks well in a Team environment and guides the team as the “expert” in the antenna field.Demonstrated experience in participating on multi-disciplinary product development teamsGood knowledge of a particular technical area within the job responsibility
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, who does not discriminate in hiring or in the terms and conditions of employment because of an individual's race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, gender identity, citizenship or other categories protected by federal, state or local laws. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manager III-Program Management - Albuquerque, NM
Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in STEM related discipline
10+ years DoD experience in Program Management, and/or appropriate functional experience in directly supporting program objectives managing cost, schedule and technical performance
Existing Top Secret clearance required
Prior program management/leadership or large scale IPT lead experience in complex systems and programs
Demonstrated experience managing development contracts
Experience leading diverse teams of engineers, technicians, and scientists across broad areas of expertise
Self-starter requiring minimal direction, able to drive daily workflow based upon contract and customer requirements, WBS, and IMS/CMS
Experience with program development lifecycle
Familiarity or experience in international defense contract performance is desired
Strong customer interface, teaming, and communication skills
Occasional travel may be required

Desired Skills:

Multi-functional stretch assignment(s) with broad perspectives of cross-functional responsibilities
Proposal development experience
Possess an EVMS Certification
Program Management Certification Level 4
Proven ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with leaders and employees.
Experience working in multiple functional areas

Desired Education:

Master of Science degree

<i>This position requires a security clearance to start. </i><i>Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance.</i><i>The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process.</i><i>Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement.</i><i>Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens.</i>
<i>Raytheon is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.</i>
127643
Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mobile Training Team Spectrum Management - Norfolk, VA 23509
Requirements

+ Graduate of the Inter-service Radio Frequency Management School (IRFMS) or The Army Spectrum Management Course.

+ 10+ years of experience working within Spectrum Management.

+ Two plus years’ work experience in the SM related duties described above.

+ Ability to provide SM support to NMSC, COCOM’s and liaise with NMCSOs worldwide. Demonstrated understanding of competing uses of spectrum (friendly/neutral/hostile) in various battle spaces across war fighting domains, and ability to assist NMSC in determining interoperability/compatibility technical and/or TTP solutions.

+ Must be proficient in Microsoft Office Tools.

+ Must be a U.S. citizen with a TOP SECRET/SCI clearance.

Preferred Qualifications

+ Prior designation as Navy Master Training Specialist or other Service equivalent

+ Excellent facilitation skills and experience in implementing new learning techniques and technologies, and a willingness to seize new opportunities for enhancing learning

+ Demonstrated knowledge and experience in management of Navy or other Service operational unit level On the Job Training (OJT) programs

+ Operational experience as a Strike Group Frequency Manager or in a senior communications billet afloat using the Afloat Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Program (AESOP).

+ A graduation certificate from the Joint Task Force Spectrum Managers Course or Joint experience relating to RF spectrum management.

+ Experience working in a Navy regional spectrum office (or Federal/DoD equivalent) that directly processes spectrum assignment actions for adjudication by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA).

+ Experience working with AESOP and other spectrum management tools to include Spectrum XXI (SXXI), Joint Automated CEOI System (JACS), and Spectrum Planning Engineering and Evaluation Device (SPEED).

+ Experience in coordinating and obtaining electronic attack (EA), GPS EA, Chaff authorizations.

+ Experience in coordinating and obtaining frequency assignments for radar/next generation radar and experimental/operational IFF systems.

What We Offer

AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

At AECOM, employee's safety and security are our top Safeguarding core value. All employees are expected to set the highest level of safety expectation in their work, display the highest level of safe behavior, and actively participate in AECOM's Safety For Life Program. SH&E is a part of our company culture and participation is required for all employees.

_NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Manager III-Program Management - Albuquerque, NM
Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in STEM related discipline
10+ years DoD experience in Program Management, and/or appropriate functional experience in directly supporting program objectives managing cost, schedule and technical performance
Existing Top Secret clearance required
Prior program management/leadership or large scale IPT lead experience in complex systems and programs
Demonstrated experience managing development contracts
Experience leading diverse teams of engineers, technicians, and scientists across broad areas of expertise
Self-starter requiring minimal direction, able to drive daily workflow based upon contract and customer requirements, WBS, and IMS/CMS
Experience with program development lifecycle
Familiarity or experience in international defense contract performance is desired
Strong customer interface, teaming, and communication skills
Occasional travel may be required

Desired Skills:

Multi-functional stretch assignment(s) with broad perspectives of cross-functional responsibilities
Proposal development experience
Possess an EVMS Certification
Program Management Certification Level 4
Proven ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with leaders and employees.
Experience working in multiple functional areas

Desired Education:

Master of Science degree

<i>This position requires a security clearance to start. </i><i>Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance.</i><i>The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process.</i><i>Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement.</i><i>Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens.</i>
<i>Raytheon is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.</i>
127643
Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Radio Frequency (RF) / Electromagnetic Environmental Effects Engineer - Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
Requirements

BS in Engineering or related science field with a minimum of 5 years of job-related experience. Familiarity with DoD Instructions 4650.01 and 3222.03, MIL-STD-461, 464, MIL-HDBK-235, 237, and other E3 standards, the DoD 5000 acquisition and Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) processes, E3/SS policy and compliance instructions and standards. Experienced user of Microsoft Office.

Secret Security Clearance required.

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred experience:
BS in Engineering or related science field with a 5 years' experience.

Prior Electromagnetic Spectrum (EMS) work experience with DoD Service(s), Defense Spectrum Organization (DSO), and/or Joint Spectrum Center (JSC), Work Experience Field: Spectrum Management/Supportability, E3, EMC, EMI, Communications, Defense Acquisition System, Spectrum Certification, and Frequency Management. Database and SharePoint skills a plus.

What We Offer

AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow.

AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Mobile Training Team Spectrum Management SME - Norfolk, VA 23509
Requirements

+ Graduate of the Inter-service Radio Frequency Management School (IRFMS) or The Army Spectrum Management Course.

+ 10+ years of experience working within Spectrum Management.

+ Two plus years’ work experience in the SM related duties described above.

+ Ability to provide SM support to NMSC, COCOM’s and liaise with NMCSOs worldwide. Demonstrated understanding of competing uses of spectrum (friendly/neutral/hostile) in various battle spaces across war fighting domains, and ability to assist NMSC in determining interoperability/compatibility technical and/or TTP solutions.

+ Must be proficient in Microsoft Office Tools.

+ Must be a U.S. citizen with a TOP SECRET/SCI clearance.

Preferred Qualifications

+ Prior designation as Navy Master Training Specialist or other Service equivalent

+ Excellent facilitation skills and experience in implementing new learning techniques and technologies, and a willingness to seize new opportunities for enhancing learning

+ Demonstrated knowledge and experience in management of Navy or other Service operational unit level On the Job Training (OJT) programs

+ Operational experience as a Strike Group Frequency Manager or in a senior communications billet afloat using the Afloat Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Program (AESOP).

+ A graduation certificate from the Joint Task Force Spectrum Managers Course or Joint experience relating to RF spectrum management.

+ Experience working in a Navy regional spectrum office (or Federal/DoD equivalent) that directly processes spectrum assignment actions for adjudication by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA).

+ Experience working with AESOP and other spectrum management tools to include Spectrum XXI (SXXI), Joint Automated CEOI System (JACS), and Spectrum Planning Engineering and Evaluation Device (SPEED).

+ Experience in coordinating and obtaining electronic attack (EA), GPS EA, Chaff authorizations.

+ Experience in coordinating and obtaining frequency assignments for radar/next generation radar and experimental/operational IFF systems.

What We Offer

AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

At AECOM, employee's safety and security are our top Safeguarding core value. All employees are expected to set the highest level of safety expectation in their work, display the highest level of safe behavior, and actively participate in AECOM's Safety For Life Program. SH&E is a part of our company culture and participation is required for all employees.

_NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. RF Applications Engineer - Irvine, CA 92618
Requirements This role requires a strong mix of technical skills to work on disruptive RF solutions developed with Menlo’s proprietary Digital- Micro-Switch technology, as well as interpersonal skills to work extensively with Sales and customers to support business growth. The ideal candidate will have experience with RF system architecture or RF subsystem design up to 20GHz and above.To be a strong fit for the role of Senior RF Applications Engineer, you will have:A bachelor's degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM) discipline.A minimum of 5 years’ experience in RF system development for frequency up to 6GHz; higher frequency experience desired.An understanding of transmission line and microwave engineering theory, including proficiency with Smith Charts and high- frequency component matching.Working knowledge of EM/circuit simulation tools like Ansoft HFSS, CST Studio Suite, Agilent Momentum, or similar computational electromagnetic simulation tools.Knowledge of all RF/Microwave components commonly used in RF subsystems including amplifiers, mixers, limiters, attenuators, filters, switches, couplers, VCOs, etc.Hands-on experience with microwave test equipment such as spectrum analyzers, vector network analyzers, signal generators, power meters.Hands-on experience with RF circuits and topologies used in RF Filters, RF switches, phase shifters, antennas, RF power amplifiers, and other RF front-end technologies.U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residence for ITAR compliance / security clearance.Ability to travel up to 20%.In addition, you will need the following core competencies and characteristics:Good organization skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks and set priorities to meet goals in a fast-paced environment.Excellent verbal and written communication skills; experience with technical customer communications.Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well within a small team environment.The ability to build effective relationships and influence outcomes.Skill filling multiple roles as required in a small but growing start-up environment.Preferred, but not required:Skill and experience with product design and evaluation: schematic capture, IC layout, simulation, package analysis, and/or design validation.MSEE or PhD EE with antenna, filter, PA or RF front-end design as an emphasis.Antenna and/or phased array design experience covering frequencies to 60 GHz for both defense and commercial applications.Filter design experience, including lumped element, ceramic, or cavity resonator designs for fixed, multiplexed, or tunable filter topologies.Previous experience working with customers in the aerospace / defense industry.The Role Overview Reporting to the SVP Product Development, as Senior RF Applications Engineer, you will be responsible for providing technical support to key customers, while also working closely with Engineering to help develop next-generation products utilizing our proprietary Digital-Micro-Switch technology, and with Sales and Marketing to help promote the products and grow the business.Your Role This is a core position and one of our first additions to the Menlo Micro team. You will serve as both a hands-on applications engineer working on design, and a technical expert and sales support guru influencing at the customer level. Initially, you will spend more time on the front lines with the client facing portion of your position (approximately 75%), but we anticipate approximately a 50/50 split over time. You will spend time in the lab, of course, but to earn early wins, you will focus on educating prospects and customers, gaining buy-in and helping Sales close and expand business. We already have a robust pipeline and you will directly influence the movement from prospect to client. This is a product people are excited about – the opportunities are deep and wide. It won’t be necessary to be a strong sales representative, just a strong technical educator and influencer. As long as you have polished interpersonal and communication skills, along with the technical acumen, you will be able to excel and your successes will be highly visible within Menlo Micro, and to our investors.As part of your duties, you will:Architect, design, simulate, layout, test, and troubleshoot RF circuits and subsystems for communications, industrial, radar, and other radio frequency products.Provide layout supervision and guidance of complex analog/RF/microwave/mmWave circuit assemblies of both internal and external board designers.Design product evaluation boards or reference designs. Perform board level test, tuning and characterization of the performances of the company’s products.Create presentations to demonstrate innovative designs, document performance, and communicate architecture ideas and capabilities.Present technology concepts to customers/partners in support of pre-sales activities.Perform simulation as necessary to support customer requests and recommend solutions that help with product selection and adoption.Make periodic customer visits to assess customer needs and provide key support to sales and other partners.Work with marketing, sales, and customers during the evaluation of Menlo products in order to resolve any technical issues and drive design-in/design-win activities.Determine customer requirements for their specific applications and recommend the right solutions.Work with design engineers to create supporting documents such as datasheets and application notes.Work with Marketing, Engineering and Menlo’s customers to ensure that new products are market leaders that provide clear system level differentiation.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:RF design or applications: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Developer IV - McLean, VA 22102
Requirements/Qualifications:

Education and Certifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent Degree

Knowledge and Experience

Must be US Citizen
Minimum 7 years software development experience
Minimum 4 years experience developing software applications using an Agile development framework
Experience with a .NET-compatible language such as C#
Experience with Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations (XSLT) and Extensible Markup Language (XML) or alternatives
Experience with automated testing
Experience with CI/CD pipelines
Desired Experience

DoD SECRET clearance is preferred (and may become a requirement)
Experience with development environments using multiple processor cores on the client and, when hosted on the Server Infrastructure, support massively parallel operations across cores, processors and servers in hardware-based and virtual/cloud-based environments is desired
Experience with Public Key Encryption (PKI) authentication and username-password authentication is preferred
Experience with spectrum (radio frequency) management systems (commercial, government or DOD) is a plus
Experience with Earned Value Management systems for cost and schedule compliance and reporting is a plus
DOD software development experience is a plus
Software modernization experience is a plus
<i>ValidaTek is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Product Engineer (Reliability) - Greensboro, NC 27409
Requirements: Master's degree (or foreign educational equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or relevant technical discipline such as Electronics or Computer Engineering, plus two years experience, gained at any time, involving: performing, analyzing, and debugging RF measurements and signal processing to resolve complex RF and transceiver system issues; performing circuit evaluation and characterization using bench test equipment including spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, oscilloscopes, BERT (Bit Error Rate Tester), function generators, pattern generators, logic analyzers and digital multimeters; developing LabVIEW code and TestStand scripts to automate tests for RFIC transceiver evaluation and debugging to improve reliability and repeatability; high speed PCB designing including Signal Integrity (SI), analog noise and EM (electromagnetic) coupling reduction techniques; performing thermal and electrical tests of IC package solutions; managing the characterization process of RFIC development projects; programming in C++ and Visual Basic to evaluate the GUI; and, automating RFIC performance tests in a Linux environment using Perl and Python.<i>For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.</i>Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/DisabilityEEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the LawEducation Level: Master's Degree<br/>Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the TimeJob Type: Full-time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Sr. Product Test Engineer - Greensboro, NC 27409
Requirements: Master's degree (or foreign educational equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or relevant technical discipline such as Electronics or Computer Engineering, plus two years experience, gained at any time, involving: performing, analyzing, and debugging RF measurements and signal processing to resolve complex RF and transceiver system issues; performing circuit evaluation and characterization using bench test equipment including spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, oscilloscopes, BERT (Bit Error Rate Tester), function generators, pattern generators, logic analyzers and digital multimeters; developing LabVIEW code and TestStand scripts to automate tests for RFIC transceiver evaluation and debugging to improve reliability and repeatability; high speed PCB designing including Signal Integrity (SI), analog noise and EM (electromagnetic) coupling reduction techniques; performing thermal and electrical tests of IC package solutions; managing the characterization process of RFIC development projects; programming in C++ and Visual Basic to evaluate the GUI; and, automating RFIC performance tests in a Linux environment using Perl and Python.

#LI-NS1

For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.

Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law

Education Level : Master's Degree
Travel Required : Yes, 10% of the Time

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Software Developer IV - McLean, VA 22102
Requirements/Qualifications:

Education and Certifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent Degree

Knowledge and Experience

Must be US Citizen
Minimum 7 years software development experience
Minimum 4 years experience developing software applications using an Agile development framework
Experience with a .NET-compatible language such as C#
Experience with Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations (XSLT) and Extensible Markup Language (XML) or alternatives
Experience with automated testing
Experience with CI/CD pipelines
Desired Experience

DoD SECRET clearance is preferred (and may become a requirement)
Experience with development environments using multiple processor cores on the client and, when hosted on the Server Infrastructure, support massively parallel operations across cores, processors and servers in hardware-based and virtual/cloud-based environments is desired
Experience with Public Key Encryption (PKI) authentication and username-password authentication is preferred
Experience with spectrum (radio frequency) management systems (commercial, government or DOD) is a plus
Experience with Earned Value Management systems for cost and schedule compliance and reporting is a plus
DOD software development experience is a plus
Software modernization experience is a plus
<i>ValidaTek is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.</i>

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Automotive Antenna Design Engineer - Troy, MI
Requirements:

Antenna development for automotive, cellular and wireless technologies
Personal computer skills such as MICROSOFT OFFICE and relational database.Excellent communication skillsAbility to work well in a Team environmentEffectively present information and respond to questions from groupsAbility to work with management to establish project Milestones, but otherwise executes project plan with little supervision required.Ability to work toward defined objectives with little direct supervisionDemonstrated understanding of new product development processes and work flowWorks well in a Team environment and guides the team as the “expert” in the antenna field.Demonstrated experience in participating on multi-disciplinary product development teamsGood knowledge of a particular technical area within the job responsibility
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, who does not discriminate in hiring or in the terms and conditions of employment because of an individual's race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, gender identity, citizenship or other categories protected by federal, state or local laws. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>Avionics System Engineer - PR 1306 - Tinker AFB, OK
Requirements Document; System Specification; RFPs; System Engineering Plan (SEP); Capability Assessment Reference Database; Systems Engineering Tradeoff Analysis; Acquisition Strategy Plan; Corrosion Control Plan; Software Development Plan (SDP); Reliability Management Plan; Human Engineering Plan; RMP; Obsolescence Management Plan; Test and Evaluation Master Plan (TEMP); Program Environment, Safety, and Occupational Health Evaluation; ISP; Program Protection Plan (PPP); Technology Assessment/Control Plan (TA/CP); Cybersecurity Plan; Security Authorization Package documentation (System Security Profile (SSP); Plan of Action and Milestone; Security Assessment Plan; Security Classification Guide (SCG); Alternative Live Fire T&E Plan; Clinger-Cohen Act Compliance; Consideration of Technology Issues; Data Management Strategy; Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear (CBRN) Survivability Assessments; Net-Centric Data Strategy; Spectrum Supportability Determination; Technical Data Rights Strategy; Technology Readiness Assessment; Manufacturing Readiness Assessment; ICD; and other program/technical documents as required.
Develops and collects technical data and inputs for staff summary packages and executive briefings to support coordination and signature of all associated documents for milestone approvals.
Supports project team meetings, working groups, and reviews as needed, such as: SRR, System Functional Review, PDR, CDR, TRR, System Verification Review, TCM, TIM, FCA, PCA, PRR, PMR, and other meetings/working groups/reviews as applicable.
Analyzes equipment and software deficiencies, make recommendations for equipment and software deficiency corrections, and develop, integrate, and test equipment and software deficiency solutions.
Assists the government in the engineering evaluation of prime and subcontractor recommendations for operational and support issues such as: evaluations of ACSNs, ECPs, CCPs, Federal Aviation Administration Bulletins, modification proposals, DMSMS, program risk, and related documents.
Supports the development and evaluation of IMP, IMS, and Systems Engineering Detail Schedule engineering cost estimates.
Performs, as required, an advisory role for program source selections on all engineering related requirements.
Supports AFLCMC/WWZ in the performance of disciplined engineering activities to assure Operational Safety Suitability & Effectiveness (OSS&E) for all products.
Follows the Life Cycle Systems Engineering (LCSE) and OSS&E related AFI and all lower level supplements and related documents including applicable OIs.
Assists with establishing, implementing, and adhering to LCSE processes to ensure OSS&E compliance is achieved and maintained.
Aids the Air Force in reviewing and updating the OSS&E Baseline Document and shall support the Air Force in the identification of OSS&E elements, progress reporting of OSS&E metrics, and interaction with other organizations to ensure continued OSS&E compliance.
Ascertains the implementation status of the SEP throughout program operations and notify the Air Force of pertinent shortfalls or gaps for which corrective action may be needed.
Supports the Air Force Integrity Programs, maintain and update the Critical Safety Item list, and monitor Airworthiness Certification for B-2 Division aircraft.
Supports the Air Force in establishing Hardness Maintenance/Hardness Surveillance (HM/HS) per DNA-H-93-140, Military Handbook for Hardness Assurance, Maintenance and Surveillance (HAMS), 1 Feb 1995, and implementing design concepts of AFPAM 91-118 Safety Design and Evaluation Criteria for Nuclear Weapon Systems.
Specifics:
Serves as an Avionics Systems Integration Engineer with particular emphasis in tactical data link systems, position location, display systems, digital interphone systems, and identification capabilities for application to military operations. Supports Aircraft Information Management Systems requirements, testing, certification, and spectrum management requirements, testing, and certification. Applies knowledge of Communication Navigation Surveillance/Air Traffic Management (CNS/ATM) requirements, policies, and regulations to define requirements, complete CNS/ATM compliance matrices, and support testing and certification of aircraft and supporting systems. Communicates with other engineering functionals such as Structures, Crew Systems, Electromagnetic Interference (EMI), Reliability and Maintainability, Manufacturing, System Safety, etc.
Performs development and integration of platform software requirements to include mission planning.
Supports information management assessment and authorization to include development of security controls, test approaches, and risk identification and mitigation to obtain an Interim Authority to Operate or Authority to Operate.
Assists in the interoperability certification process to include coordinating with Air Force Command and Control Integration Center for program clearance into Air Force System Operability Test and Joint Interoperability Test Command testing.
Performs engineering tasks in support of development activities including requirements definition, design, integration, test, and transition to operations. Provides assistance with the Dynamic Object-Oriented Requirements System requirements management.
Applies detailed knowledge of avionics engineering in support of avionics subsystem definition, development, integration, all verification methods to include review of ICD, sustainment, modeling/simulation, T&E, and model based systems engineering. The Contractor shall perform analysis, requirement analyses, and system capacity analysis, investigate alternative solutions and architecture trade-offs, make assessments, support operations concept development, and document results. Reviews and/or develops draft systems engineering documents in support of Milestone reviews and events.
Performs work with other government organizations and the prime contractor and their subcontractors to support technical information exchange and open communication on Security Assessment and Authorization, Frequency Management certification, and Interoperability certification.
Participates in regular team meetings, TIMs, technical reviews, and ICWG meetings. Supports the establishment of entrance and exit criteria, developing agendas, reviewing content, resolving action items, and coordinating the technical review of the results.
Supports hardware/software development and related system ground and flight test activities such as but not limited to: Hardware In-the-Loop, Subsystem Integration Labs, Developmental Test & Evaluation (DT&E), and Initial Operational Test & Evaluation (IOT&E) related activities.
Supports Airworthiness directives and assist in platform approval and certification. The Contractor will utilize current MIL-HDBK-516 (Airworthiness Certification Criteria) to determine applicable requirements, and work with other agencies as required, to achieve a desired level of certification.
Applies knowledge with the requirements identified in Net Ready Key Performance Parameters Memo CJCSI6212.01F, be capable and knowledgeable of technical requirements associated with the preparation of the ISP. This engineering analysis is critical to determining Clinger Cohen Act statutory compliance, by identifying information need, net-centric, interoperability, and supportability issues and assesses conformance to the DoD Chief Information Officer’s stated information policy and goals. Must be capable of exploring the information-related acquisition program needs and the operational and functional capabilities that a program delivers or contributes to the warfighting enterprise. Associated experience is required in documenting, identifying, and resolving potential information support implementation issues and risks that if not properly examined, will limit or restrict the ability of a program to be operationally employed in accordance with the defined capability.
Institutes a collaborative process bridging warfighter (sponsor) identified capability needs (requirements) to planning for the acquisition of materiel solutions which satisfy the need. This support shall include researching program information, providing systems engineering insight, conducting analyses, and briefing preparation.
Manages interfaces and processes with the development planning, technology, intelligence, acquisition, sustainment, and user communities.
Applies knowledge and experience to the scope of enterprise activities which spans requirements/acquisition and sustainment and includes: understanding doctrine, assisting in identifying and defining requirements, developing horizontally integrated acquisition, sustainment, and investment strategies, integration of technologies, integration of intelligence, and development of sustainment strategies. Capability requirements and option sets will be architecture-based to ensure the necessary interoperability and appropriate linkages to other capabilities. The integrated option sets developed may cut across multiple platforms, programs, and phases as well as across multiple enterprises.
Supports development of strategies for crosscutting capability requirements. Assists with initiating, writing, reviewing, developing, implementing documentation activities such as TEMPs, SEPs, RFPs, SOOs, Test Plans, LCMP, Pre-MS A and Pre-MS B documentation, etc. as appropriate.
Supports the identification, assessment, and analysis of the future capability solution sets required to support capability requirements. These activities will be critical subject areas during Program Reviews, IBRs, etc. Reviews systems engineering initiatives brought about by policy changes to buying commercial items (such as acquisition of Non-Destructive Inspection, Commercial Off-The-Shelf items, and FAA certified items) and commercial practices (e.g., Performance Based Business Environment).
Assists in managing capability and systems engineering studies that involve multiple divisions.
Assists in communicating system engineering solutions, risk analysis, and future solutions within the AFLCMC to include programs as well as Major Commands, other enterprises, and the Air Staff.
Assists in transition of programs into and the termination of programs out of the Fighter/Bomber Directorate for use in the field enhancing the warfighters capabilities.
Assists in planning across family of systems and system of systems especially in the development of Capability Manager Strategies, e.g. airborne electronic attack and others.
Develops, improves, and administers technology processes to include Applied Technology Councils, Small Business Innovative Research, and/or other initiatives to identify, assess, and submit proposals to the technology community to pursue further.
Reviews planning documents (e.g., Mission Need Statement, Operational Requirements Document, ICD, CDD, or CPD) for realistic industrial base execution. Promotes the use of MS&A throughout the acquisition lifecycle process and foster the development and maintenance of common use M&SA tools useful to the government/industry.
Assists in integration of intelligence information and infrastructure to ensure cross-enterprise capabilities planning and system acquisition.
Provides a wide range of recommended solution sets for capabilities integration planning. Organizes large and small group briefings for discussions gaining cross Divisional engineering expertise.
Assists in the development and review of the overall system design baseline (architecture and interoperability requirements). Assists with developmental planning support in evaluation of the military mission to be accomplished and any related requirements documentation. Reviews and analyzes proposals, including regulatory and other policy driver changes or proposed modifications for design feasibility and system compatibility. Supports the core engineering tasks as they relate to system design engineering. Establishes and maintains effective professional working relationships with co-workers, and customers.
Follows policies and procedures as described in corporate manuals and directives.
Attends work each day during scheduled work hours unless on approved travel or time off.
Performs occasional travel to contractor and customer sites, as required (see WORKING CONDITIONS below).
Works flexible hours, including occasional overtime.
Carry’s out other duties as may be assigned or requested.
Submits monthly status reports and other information as requested
Complies with requirements of the contract’s Visitor Group Security Agreement (VGSA).
Prepares CDRL inputs including the Task Order’s Monthly Status Report.
Completes required Government and PESystems training and certifications.
WORKING CONDITIONS
Perform occasional travel to contractor and customer sites, as required.
Work is performed indoors with some potential risks to safety and health hazards related to electronics.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Education/Certifications/Experience/Skills:

A Senior labor category shall have a minimum of 15 years of experience and an ABET accredited Bachelor’s degree in engineering. A Senior labor category typically works on high-visibility or mission critical aspects of a given program and performs all functional duties independently. A Senior labor category may oversee the efforts of less senior staff and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.
Must obtain and maintain a government security clearance at the required level.
Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Applications (Outlook, Word, Excel) and other standard (Customer specified) applications.
Must be able to transport self to various facility sites, as required. If using own motor vehicle, must possess a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance.
Physical Skills and Abilities:
May require lifting up to 25 pounds.
Requires visual acuity to use a keyboard and monitor.

PESystems Inc., is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for Employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identify, genetic information, marital status and disability (including physical or mental disability as well as pregnancy) veteran status or any other status protected by Federal State or local law.

 ----------------------------- 

<title>RF Analog Hardware Designer - Irving, TX
Requirements:
MS in Electrical Engineering or Physics with
coursework in RF or Microwave technology preferred. BSEE + 5 years of
applicable experience (including internships) also acceptable.


Knowledge in RF Circuit Design and Signal

processing techniques from applicable coursework or job experience is a major
plus


Good theoretical and practical understanding of

basic RF Engineering and general principles, including digital modulation and
demodulation.


Basic understanding of RF performance

specifications and test methodology


Experience with common RF simulation and

electromagnetic simulation tools is a big plus (HP ADS, CST, HFSS)


Experience with analytical simulation / analysis

tools such as Matlab and/or Python would be very helpful


Positive attitude, and experience working in a

team environment